id1	id2	negative	None	@USER may i have an industrial revolution code for my pre-order of bioshock infinite ? i got one from the store but cant redeem .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i told you shane would get his 5th-star on rivals before signing day . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i may have spent 5 minutes watching the poo traverse my sewers as my simcity flushed its loos ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	downloading different versions of the greek alphabet song to listen to on repeat on a thursday night .. this is my life now ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	50 lakhs to 1600 crores . gives some sense of how maino became the 4th richest politician in the world !
id1	id2	neutral	None	this thursday we have tickets to the special pre-screening event of the donkey show adrienne arsht center for ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just did a shit load of typing . my group better call me queen tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wow really ? i go to mexico every december to spend the holidays over there . ( :
id1	id2	positive	None	to anyone planning on watching the teen choice awards tonight . spoiler alert : the winners are justin bieber and twilight .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER optimism : pancake day on sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we havent talked about it yet . however , we are very excited about the jan revolution heifer calf that is inside of her .
id1	id2	negative	None	my suicide note would be the picture of mark martin that i kept in my wallet in 7th grade .
id1	id2	positive	None	got nothing going on friday night ? good cause now you do ! come on down black forest in eugene . if 100 people show ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im a jr smith fan hes super athletic so i kind of want him shooting with the 2nd unit him novak kidd camby nd white or thomas
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER paterno wouldnt be charged . all hearsay on him and he did do his job ( minimal as may be ) . he reported it . rest is speculation .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the next winner of an hd tv will be drawn friday 17/02 - have you entered the #pplhdtv #competition yet ? details here :
id1	id2	neutral	None	auburn just wrapped up saturday practice , interviews beginning shortly .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER was the employee of general musharraf ... sheikh rashid in kamran shahids front line on april 17
id1	id2	positive	None	big week ... revs tonight , ice cream @USER tuesday , and upstairs for project x @USER wednesday for halloween . totally buzzing .
id1	id2	positive	None	delicious new items start this wednesday here at #rosamexicano its time to get in the fall mood with these awesome new items !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER vegas here i come yeah watch out las vegas the bring back the brown sd is taking over at las vegas next week and tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day lulwhuuut ? i guess it is february weather though ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER pancake mix /does/ keep for a long time ! ( pancakes tomorrow morning , then build a quake kit for #shakeout day ? )
id1	id2	neutral	None	the @USER take on canada tonight @USER est in a warm-up before the rugby world cup - if you have direct tv ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ok i guess i will go see emmylou harris play her album wrecking ball on wednesday and so maybe you should also come : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow , people . rt @USER wisconsin recall , part two : fleebaggers face the music URL
id1	id2	negative	None	even our power point in tok didnt want to do anything today , so it changed the language . #friday #tokadventures pic.twitter.com/ulo1svp5
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER also i hate this themed ppvs what if i want to see an elimination chamber in july ? i gotta wait six months ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tomorrow is casimir pulaski day , and we have school . im asking mr. otool why tomorrow ! wanna join me ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cause ur cool since bama , mark ! awesome ! roll tide + watching you every sunday ! god bless ! rtr !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ah , maybe you also prefer zulu . thanks , no relation ! but where , exeter ? btw the 4th emergency service is the coastguard .
id1	id2	negative	None	looking at the temp outside ... hpw did it get hotter as the sun goes down ??? feel like im in vegas just adding humidity
id1	id2	neutral	None	live at the roxy on the 11th of november !!! get your tickets now ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	february stars , 15 years old and still one of the best songs dave grohl has ever written . #fact
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblues yonghwa and beasts gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10 .
id1	id2	positive	None	i know its in january but i cant wait for the royal rumble #wwe
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER from this performance it is obvious why david miliband comes up 1st when you google miliband ! #onetowatch
id1	id2	neutral	None	join us this thursday for the introduction to our dramatic reading of charles dickenss a christmas carol . 11/1 6-7pm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im amazed you keep coming up with new names for the league . may want to consider formatting phils gotw though .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the raiders play the cardinals today lets see how they start off pre-season . last yr they were weak af
id1	id2	neutral	None	black triangle sighting in oranjestad , on october 11th 2012 - black triangle ufo with resemblance of a stealth ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i saw cowboys and aliens ... ohmygawd it was so stupid . tomorrow im seeing the help which i hope is better .
id1	id2	positive	None	next person to comment below wins 4 tickets for tonight or tomorrow nights colts game against the mcallen thunder !
id1	id2	neutral	None	with enrile finally speaking up , alfie anidos wikipedia page may now be revised with citations . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	queens of the stone ages regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour & dave grohl sat on the stool URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait till sunday morning when we ( shola ) make the mackems cry . pretty sure a #hatembomb or two will be dropped too . #premierpunditry
id1	id2	negative	None	if i dont feel a1 tomorrow im not going to school rs !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wisconsin dont forget to vote today !! vote democrat !! go wisconsin . #wiunion . its critical to vote . gop thinks you wont
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER pretty good .. hbu ? ready to watch the raiders tonight ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	rick stein has taken over padstow ; why should damien hirst be allowed to destroy the aesthetic appeal of ilfracombe ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	jupiters almost perfectly in line with the moon . rather beautiful . may try looking at it tomorrow night via the old telescope .
id1	id2	negative	None	wth apple ? 1st i go to the apple and there is less then 10 employees working , i have to wait 10 mins to check out . wake up tim cook !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	come and check out ufc 134 this saturday night at wings u at 8pm ! anderson silvia vs . yushin okami for the world middle weight championship !
id1	id2	positive	None	as we patiently awaitrt @USER back in studio putting final touches to the #album ... should be out nxt week friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	tonight : a show in dc . tomorrow : greensboro nc ! its been too long since ive performed . so exited to see everyone and play the new tunes !
id1	id2	positive	None	really enjoyed pj harvey tonight - contrary to expectations . even the black feather head-dress wasnt too ott .
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you want to be a voodoo derby doll ? after our get down and derby night on aug 26th at the social night club ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if anyone comes to school with the galaxy foams tomorrow , im mugging them .
id1	id2	positive	None	going to a sunday matinee of dredd 3d . probably most excited for the return of lena headeys natural hair color . sarah connor > circe
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER haha was it as bad as your night in barcelona with the bucket o chund !?
id1	id2	positive	None	channel 4 30 years old on friday ! doh showed some great programmes over the years , especially paul hogan .
id1	id2	neutral	None	premier league team of the week : van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny , ashley yo ... URL #football
id1	id2	neutral	None	catch ncaa mens basketball finals game 3 today , 12:45 pm live on tv5 and replay on aktv right after the pba 2nd game . #sanbedaredlions
id1	id2	negative	None	-.- today is monday .. damn it . im gonna miss my rui ens show tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is the las day to buy big krit/ slim thugg tickets for their show in starkville tomorrow @USER cafe
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER shaq morris narrowed his list to wichita state & oral roberts . he will likely make a final decision mon . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	so i just saw the commercial 4 michael jackson the immortal world tour by cirque du soleli is going to be here july 20 & 21 @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER should play aprils mom . so the great kristin chenoweth can also be on . what an amazing episode that could be !
id1	id2	neutral	None	my thursday nights arent the same without waterloo road
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope i can get a ticket to the #1d concert in belgium !!! you cant order them till saturday ! pfff ... :s
id1	id2	positive	None	i love the on time part => @USER axl rose shows up on time , gives jimmy kimmel 1st live tv interview in 20 years URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	brackett overthrows an open garner on 3rd down . lions will go for it on 4th down and 1 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER was it becky ? cause she told me about it .. ill figure it out tomorrow ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	just found out about the @USER production of dickens performs a christmas carol , surely a must this december . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yah i know its on . but it keeps saying monday night football and says mnf on the scoreboard . im just confused bc its thursday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i do my best . you are braver than i though , for i thought i was drinking alone
id1	id2	neutral	None	monta ellis / ellis had just two points on 1-of-11 shooting on friday against URL #nba
id1	id2	positive	None	we love the king ! 55 years ago today , elvis presley released his double-sided hit dont be cruel/hound dog ,... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	so verlander is starting tomorrow against the indians and i have to stay over at work . booo
id1	id2	neutral	None	physics test tomorrow , so its about time i open my book ... but really there was a layer of dust on it
id1	id2	neutral	None	anderson cooper and kristin chenoweth on his coming out : anderson live premiered monday , with kristin chenoweth ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good chat this morning with @USER about @USER terrific run in the fa youth cup . lead report in fridays echo .
id1	id2	positive	None	sungkyunkwan scandal for the 3rd time !!! cant get enough of park yoochun , park minyoung , song joongki and especially yoo ah in ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	join us at the donkey show at adrienne arsht center for the performing arts this friday ! save $5 off tickets to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow venus will eclipse in front of the sun , an important cosmic event that will prepare humanity for the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i need to spend the night at someones house tomorrow then just go to the meet with them !
id1	id2	neutral	None	last saturday , your phbmates in cebu , all performed some of britneys hits ! basing on this picture , youll have ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday nick j may you live long and happy :)
id1	id2	positive	None	omegapharma-quickstep won gold , with a little help from compex ! watch out for tony martin ( tomorrow ) & tom boonen ( sunday ) . fingers crossed !
id1	id2	positive	None	the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on november 17 ! a great day of action and a fun day for the family ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i admire you with all my heart , lauren . may the god , that watches over the rest of the world , bless you and keep you x
id1	id2	neutral	None	thursday morning freestyles . im the rap game white larry bird
id1	id2	neutral	None	whats going on tonight in detroit ...
id1	id2	negative	None	i think its time to start calling the democrats offices , demand they use the 14th now , dont cave to nut jobs .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wilfred kiboro joins family bank as chairman , a day after he quit standard chartered bank . he takes over from founder titus muya on jan 1
id1	id2	neutral	None	real madrid have signed a seven-year-old argentine boy , a spokesman for the club confirmed on monday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER best thing about thursday is celebrity juice =)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER follow @USER and meet her on november 26 , shell be at the bell center by 4:00 pm . please fredo .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER omfg britney is like here in ma ... ahhh !!! along with nicki minaj . omggg the concert is tomorrow :ddd this is great ! xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	so @USER apparently just announced at powwow #311day is in vegas and there is another cruise in may ( to hawaii ) . too close together .
id1	id2	negative	None	cant wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny ( coni ) report . baages wait & watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope .
id1	id2	neutral	None	5 times oscar winner john williams will receive a lifetime achievement award at the classical brit awards on october 2 at royal albert hall
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you wont see me tomorrow :( on my way home from alabama ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	sejesong sunday sessions @USER busy corner ( midrand ivory park ext 2 next to eskom ) is the place to be 12:00 pm till late
id1	id2	neutral	None	today i spent all of the money at h&m & topshop . thought i might faint in zara so that has been postponed until tomorrow . also : sun !
id1	id2	negative	None	watched the vow for the 5th time and im still tearing . whats wrong with this movie . its tooo ... omg i cant even .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im representin for the seat where rosa parks sat ... where malcolm x was shot , where martin luther was popped ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight - we test one of our nuit blanche projects ! nuit blanche is coming up ! what are we doing you ask ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER one word-download !!! you and your girlfriend , sat watching rammstein , you know you want to . you can do it
id1	id2	negative	None	URL visit to #iran by five euro mps was called off sat after tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist
id1	id2	neutral	None	wonder if chris christie can cancel valentines day and move it to april .. flowers are cheaper !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER aas being regulated to feb i agree with you . malcolm x being taught in 2nd grade i can go either way on .
id1	id2	positive	None	awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today , excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht ... previews coming soon ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend and in all metropcs stores & online on monday the 22nd . thx , jg
id1	id2	positive	None	imma probably just watch good deeds for like the 3rd or 4th time !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i added a video to a @USER playlist URL francis m . - history of the disease - march 7 , 20
id1	id2	neutral	None	dalken with rbi single to rf scores cofield from second . jags lead 11-3 with 2 out in the 9th . troy pitching change coming up .
id1	id2	positive	None	inmarsats swiftbroadband soars to new heights : inmarsat ( lse : isat . l ) , the leading provider of global mobile sat ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER but if he shaves again like at elimination chamber earlier , i may have to hit him !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ryan reynolds may be back for a prequel or sequel to safe house , with or without denzel washington . script is in the works .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this saturday ! come see what its like to train for the nfl combine at body space fitness . click the link below ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watched unofficially yours with richard mark morcella , his partner and jaja abastillas
id1	id2	neutral	None	champions league is in mourinhos blood : paulo sousa thinks jose mourinho may consider his time at real madrid a failure if he does ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER thats true . the rules are dumb as hell in the school ._. your 2 seconds late you have a 15 minute -.- !
id1	id2	negative	None	if @USER didnt like coloccini being likened to bobby moore , he will hate mon claiming mcclean and johnson class #safc #nufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st step towards diluting the issue ? did you ask the same q when it came to gadkari ? @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	bill murray : yeah , on monday i am off to meet infinity ward about the next game , modern warfare 4 , im doing work on the sequel to mw3
id1	id2	negative	None	i reckon in 6 years time ill be in with a chance of fucking pixie lott if i bump into her on a night out . rohypnol may be required .
id1	id2	positive	None	oh look , four lions is on channel 4 tonight . do watch it if you havent before . brilliant film ; i properly laughed and properly cried .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just finished watching the vow for the 5th time .
id1	id2	positive	None	for the adorable and loveable man , song joongki , happy 27th birthday !
id1	id2	negative	None	i may ask my doctor for ambien on election night . id rather sleep through it and hope i wake up to footage of mitt crying over his loss .
id1	id2	neutral	None	team foster call will be on tonight thursday november 1st , from 9pm-10pm eastern 712-432-0900 new access code 833433# . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hrt : we have to try and improve the car : oct . 26 ( hrt ) the formula 1 world championship returned to action today ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER how fun ! i went to the bank the first night then lax the 2nd .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER yeah , yeah , your armor is better in every way , and your lariats are better than mine too . =p
id1	id2	positive	None	proud of aishwaryas french honour : big b : mumbai , nov 2 ( ians ) megastar amitabh bachchan says he is proud that ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	x factor , home made goodies , jacuzzi and sacha baron cohen . perfect saturday evening with @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	just watched the haye - chisora fight from saturday night . haye smashed it . #boxing
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just sent the #ffc unibet preview for tomorrow through and , by the way , louis sahas genuinely two-footed .
id1	id2	positive	None	pray for : the peace of jerusalem . pray for the peace of jerusalem ! may they be secure who love you ! #ps122
id1	id2	neutral	None	mumford & sons tickets for the extra london o2 arena show on dec 18th are onsale now . URL #mumfords
id1	id2	positive	None	i love you all so much . come join us on saturday evening for the uga v . boise state game . game is at 8pm , but we ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saturday i buy my ticket for the #tmhtour in belgium ! im so happy !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow she is @USER reporter at davos for geeks . perhaps shell bring us home an internet gazillionaire instead pic.twitter.com/ywhyslav
id1	id2	positive	None	pauwiin nyo muna ako bago kayo pumunta jan plsplsplspls @USER see you at sm bacolod :)
id1	id2	negative	None	fraud fears as iebc turns to old poll kit : the electoral commission on wednesday said it will take measures to e ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	catholics give up stuff for lent , jews are fasting today ... being presbyterian is starting to feel like the casual friday of religions ! ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER is no brad k but hes playing hurt today too . @USER at 9am et espn 2 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	on the bright side dwts cast cumin mon . my girl kym better b on & hav sum1 that she has a chance 2 win again ! go kym ! ;-)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER i hope my iphone gets service tonite to find out about dwts cause i have no power from the storm . no tv no nuttin
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looks gorgeous ! im going to try it out tomorrow . do you have a base colour or just two coats of northern lights in the picture ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	wisin & yandel record song with ricky martin , jlotimes of indiathe reggaeton duo wisin & yandel announced monday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mark martins the 1st to crack 191 mph , and now leads a mwr 1-2 ( bowyer 2nd ) and toyota 1-2-3 ( kyle 3rd ) after 36 cars . #nascar
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are u coming up the 17th . davis is playing hawaii for vball so we will see chris webb and scott wong . ur mom & my mom are !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the raiders are on the field for their tueday afternoon practice as they get ready to face arizona thursday night in oakland .
id1	id2	positive	None	kyle williams has good chance to play sunday for bills : dealing with an ankle injury , williams got back to pr ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	please join me in welcoming our next us senator from the great state this coming monday . check out hrts website for details .
id1	id2	negative	None	francesco totti thinks roma will be unable to catch juventus & wants the #seriea side to aim for 3rd this season URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	might have a royal rumble death drinking game tomorrow . alone . one day , we should have a rumble death drinking game @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the 5th grade .. i loved her so much
id1	id2	positive	None	holy shit jack white tomorrow ! when he plays seven nation army itll be insane
id1	id2	negative	None	didnt get a chance to post this the other day . goodbye ralph mcquarrie . may you return as a force ghost to guide young artists ... #starwars
id1	id2	positive	None	i am hosting the open lobby ! saturday 15th ( tomorrow ) 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm uk time gamertag il ash li be there guys its going 2 be awesome !
id1	id2	neutral	None	oct 9 1888 the washington monument officially opened to the general public . have you been to visit ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	maybe . ill text you tomorrow lauren lol i get queasy giving blood . well see ...
id1	id2	negative	None	i havent bought my kit and ncs is tomorrow . my frame of mind right now is just #leaveityeah
id1	id2	positive	None	#jedward wins the last at #newmarket . tom segal of the racing post will be back tomorrow to preview every race at the #julyfestival . #racing
id1	id2	negative	None	apparently justin beiber is in the area . i know this because i have students ( plural ) missing school tomorrow to see him .
id1	id2	positive	None	got so much accomplished today ! i hope to see lots of happy faces tomorrow @USER rim for the wine&cheese info for bella bay ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i may or may not buy you a halo 4 ost when i get my paycheck .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is hosting #snl on nov 3 . it will be epic . like if the ghosts of gilda radner&john belushi mated w/ bill murray & had a comedy baby
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER nooo !!! maybe you can just look over it right before the test tomorrow and do that first
id1	id2	positive	None	child like excitement building ahead of the #rwc think my 2nd team is going to be tonga #loveabitofbiff
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just want all of you to know that i foresaw ricky martin being gay when i was in 3rd grade
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just watched part of #dwts and cowboy troy was on there singing i play chicken with a train . brings back 8th grade memories
id1	id2	positive	None	wwe #raw should be interesting next week . the road dogg returned to wwe at the royal rumble and shawn michaels is going to be on raw monday
id1	id2	positive	None	like if youre proactive about your health ! dont miss this sundays live google+ hangout about genetic ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER next saturday i should be back in the city . oh shit .. well yea hell still be here . u get the room w/ the 74 hd tv lol
id1	id2	positive	None	i cant wait for october ! @USER concerts ! :) & i get to visit mexico city for the 1st time ! great way to celebrate my sweet 16 !
id1	id2	positive	None	no matter what anyone says ... ray lewis may be the best defensive player to ever play the game . hes got heart and hes got anger .
id1	id2	negative	None	anyone going to the romney rally in fairfax on monday ?? really wanna go , but no car . help !? @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	grappling with corruption and business in brazil : the world bank is sponsoring a panel discussion on october 17 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks for the follow brian ! hope you have a super tuesday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	build a nation heard it today for the first time ... * fist pump in the air * r @USER who run the world remix with nicki minaj @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER fans on tv before the 3rd & 16 late in q4 had the oh no , here we go again look .
id1	id2	positive	None	friday night lights : west liberty 21 mediapolis 56 pulling for you comets !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i see the french rail unions are striking on the 25th , do the french have half term or is it just aimed at the brits ?
id1	id2	positive	None	check out the amazing world music festival organized for the 7th consecutive year by rialto theatre in limassol ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mail in a lather over c4s scheduling of four lions to coincide with 10th anniversary of 9/11 . too good a film for stunt scheduling i think .
id1	id2	positive	None	so glad to be back in the big apple . off tomorrow to florida . #lookingfoward to a mini vacay #longoverdue
id1	id2	neutral	None	from a call to prayer for america saturday at the washington reflecting pool with the washington monument in the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ideal home show at christmas - earls court 14-18 november , has partnered with itv to bring dancing on ice to life at the exhibition .
id1	id2	positive	None	monroe bound tomorrow ! its a must leave ruston for a day
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER omg we are hipster cause in a couple of week every fahgot will like them and say they found them first
id1	id2	neutral	None	but does anyone wanna go to boston with me tomorrow to see richie hawtin and loco dice perform ? #cntrltour
id1	id2	neutral	None	middle east online : washington - egypts new islamist president , mohamed morsi , urged the united states late sat ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	safe mode with networking - no internet : i am troubleshooting a bsod in windows 7 and may come back later with m ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i wish i was out md i wanna bear on negros shit is fun , going out sunday to ross snighter sunday finna pop off on twl
id1	id2	neutral	None	in south korea , when ur born , ur already a 1 yr old , #psy was born on 31st decemeber , so next day he was 2 yr old :d #truefact
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wonder what really went down the night meredith was murdered in the amanda knox trial .
id1	id2	positive	None	really looking forward to the passion 4 pink event tomorrow night at medusa in brownsville . its perfect for a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got tickets to see muse in florida . that , combined with the grammys two weeks prior , equals a really busy february for ruby and myself .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well destructo is on there and hes not playing . but lineup and hours are released tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody going back to melaka tomorrow ? can i get a lift please ?
id1	id2	positive	None	omg wait , bel ami comes out tomorrow ! im going to watch it , finally .
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out tonights #fan4racing show ! lots of talk about danica patrick & you may be surprised by her stats . URL #nascar
id1	id2	neutral	None	mohamed nasheeds press brief about coni report - 31 aug 2012 : URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	finally in bed . such a long day , but so much was accomplished . athens tomorrow !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	continental senior living will have a booth on the square for pancake day on saturday . come by to learn more about ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	should i go to the flowing wells and marana game tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lets get the goodwin family to rupp for the 1st home game & make landen the y ! #riplane
id1	id2	neutral	None	and tomorrow swindon town have a date with aston villa . villa- fans nervous ? #stfc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im bringing you a play to read on monday . youll read it and love it . and meryl streep is going to be in the movie adaptation .
id1	id2	neutral	None	brian may reveals that the freddie mecury biopic has 2014 release date , and sacha baron cohen is to play the singer URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	you going to rugby practice on sunday #somethingisayalot
id1	id2	neutral	None	reruns of big bang theory > cma awards . everyday of the week & twice on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	obama spends hour on phone with netanyahu during benghazi assault URL priorities
id1	id2	positive	None	cool #cdnpoli r @USER call the hospital in iqaluit & press 2 for english . experience an aboriginal language as 1st choice
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER we will take pictures . mom said we might have to do it friday night as we will be at grammys sat
id1	id2	positive	None	do remember this saturday 10/27 tho .. its a celebration . we just tryna have a good time . @USER beed URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	espn- indians fire manager acta with six games left : the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	todays news : democrats offer republicans everything they asked for ; republicans demand more . not hard to understand : rs want a shutdown .
id1	id2	positive	None	another heated game tonight between nsc minnesota and fc tampa bay . be sure to make your predictions ! week 23 is already up .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER wcc coaches : gonzaga 1st place , by a lot . #byu 2nd , barely . st. marys 3rd , just behind byu .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sorry about the yankees ... there is always tomorrow . want to fly to new york for a game ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im in ireland at the mo bro , got your text , im back tuesday , meet wed maybe ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER may be its true becouse triple h arm has broken for reel or may be he will come back at the royal rumble
id1	id2	neutral	None	#trayvon my daily tweet ( 9/15 ) in memory of trayvon martin- killed 203 days ago . ~ may you rest in peace ~ ( keep family in your prayers -love )
id1	id2	neutral	None	htc announces two new smartphones - the radar and the titan : htc announced two new windows 7 smartphones today a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	to anyone who hasnt seen the 1st half of davids first ever recording for nandito ako , check the link below ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey the best was when you said obama put out his smoke on bidens forehead on ash wed
id1	id2	positive	None	first the superbowl now revel will finally be released on dvd on nov 24th ! my day is complete !!! oh how i love my bey
id1	id2	neutral	None	music of the sun , a girl like me , good girl gone bad , rated r , loud , talk that talk and finally ___ ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	from now on our commentaries will be fm one game ... am & dab the other . so tonight everton vs #sufc is on fm , blackburn vs #swfc on am & dab
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going to be in brownsville tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what makes you beautiful is their 1st big hit ... played on the radio 2 death ? i m koolin n u ?
id1	id2	positive	None	if dontari poe runs the 40 . 3 slower at the nfl combine , hes maybe a 2nd round pick . nice work #chiefs .
id1	id2	positive	None	kim coates was awesome on #entourage tonight . although it makes me really miss sons of anarchy . cant wait #samcro
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know its so good ! theres a marathon on comedy central . and yeah that really blows . do you work tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the fact that after i tweeted that , max the dog sat on my cold left-out foot ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	if he truly loves his party , boehner should be doing all he can to schedule obamas address on the same night as the gop debate .
id1	id2	positive	None	i wish stevie tv was on id be laughing right now , well , pandora it is !
id1	id2	positive	None	#commit2mitt bus tour stops : avon lake , fairview park , mentor , chardon & kent . hope to see you there tomorrow ! pic.twitter.com/hgupui1v
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey everyone ! if you are competing in districts at lake braddock on monday you need to make sure to do the deca test by 5pm tomorrow !!
id1	id2	positive	None	tonights never mind the buzzcocks has the hilarious noel fielding again :) cant wait to download it tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	on november 3 and 4th the black is back coalition for social justice , peace and reparations is sponsoring a ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	liz is kinda dumb when it comes to men . dna swapping isnt even bad in port charles , its just called tuesday . #gh
id1	id2	neutral	None	so , open lobby on monday . starting at 6pm est and ends whenever we get bored . ill tweet it a few more times before monday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	get your tickets for the offical south alabama football jumpoff !! only $5 !!! club insanity sept 1 !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	headed to mcadory high to speak to the football team . get these boys ready so they can straight boom on brookwood tomorrow night #lehgo
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to mcalester today ... bama bound early in the am ! torn !
id1	id2	positive	None	andrew breitbarts 1st site was big hollywood . he risked every penny he had to promote right-of-center artists willing to help themselves .
id1	id2	positive	None	confirmed : ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow , october 19th URL
id1	id2	positive	None	curtis painter is totally going to get lucky tonight , probably with another girl that looks just like him
id1	id2	neutral	None	if @USER holds the wwe title until the royal rumble , he will have held the title for 434 days . making him the 6th longest reign ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	jungle island says it will be open as usual on monday . to see whats open & whats closed click on this link #isaacon6 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER listed as star attraction for aust-china event today . rudds office say he never committed , pr in charge says he cancelled friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER girl i been in timmonsville since may 4th and yayyy you miss me lol
id1	id2	positive	None	off out for the afternoon to visit all our referring dentists in the bethnal green area . got a day off tomorrow so have a great weekend all .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER last thursday the alpha chi chapter initiated 37 beautiful young ladies after we had just celebrated 70 years at murray state !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	we are in search for trade sales manager in muscat , oman . if interested you may apply @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i put it on my laptop a while back , i thought it may be a little boring , but its surprisingly not , plus its hosted by hammond ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	a 19th journo murdered in somalia / tokyo 2020 unveils stadium design rivals/ why madrid says it needs 2020 olympics / URL
id1	id2	positive	None	finally listened to wrecking ball before i see the concert tomorrow evening !!
id1	id2	positive	None	going to the richwood away game tomorrow to support my drummer boyyy . ( ;
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think it got eaten by a grue . - pc friday - diablo iii ( ptr patch 1.05 ) | URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mondays rain ( 0.38 ) @USER brought the monthly total to 1.86 which is just above normal ( 1.80 ) through yesterday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nfl lions news : lions rookie rb mikel leshoure went down with an apparent leg injury during practice this morning ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	fabio capello ( russias head-coach ) wishes cristianos injury was more serious . ( russia will play against portugal tomorrow in the wcq )
id1	id2	positive	None	funny you should ask @USER we will be @USER leicester square theatre on october 10th at 9pm performing our edinburgh show4a final time !
id1	id2	negative	None	ryans going to amsterdam tomorrow :( wahhh but who the fuck even goes there
id1	id2	neutral	None	feel the warmth in the sky at first sight i felt the energy of sun rayysss
id1	id2	positive	None	world walking day in few more hours ! see you guys at putrajaya ! i am gonna bring my camera along :) URL #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nice to meet you ! best wishes from guatemala ! il divo will be here in concert for the 1st time ever on the 28th ! im going ! :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	pick the chelsea team to play swansea - chelseas focus now turns back to the premier league and on saturday we make ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	can someone pick me up tomorrow morning and bring me with you at lax ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	also , spread the word about our fundraising begin september 17 to raise funds for a 30 second commercial during the 2013 nba all-star game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	yesterday i understood the true meaning of pancake day #february
id1	id2	positive	None	think im gonna have to have a maccyd breakfast on the ways to spurs tomorrow ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	nba league pass till the 6th
id1	id2	neutral	None	britney : lady gagas here tonight . me : what ? * watches gaga the rest of the night * me : whos concert was that ? i forgot . ;d
id1	id2	negative	None	evgeni malkin doesnt play again until the 16th . this nhl lockout sucks , i cant watch games that are being played in russia .
id1	id2	negative	None	acta gets the ax . wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on tuesday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i have snuck into the sunday night vip party at acl .. got to meet dave grohl and party open bar style
id1	id2	negative	None	so june 9th is the day . this is gonna be worse the the galaxy foams
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow may be my last day in tennessee
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hours are 9:15 to 13:30 ( gmt+1 ) for the public . as youre in turin , they may refer you to the milan embassy , and heres their ...
id1	id2	positive	None	i had such a great time tonight that ive decided to keep celebrating ! join me at volare this wed and thurs ! bring your food donation !
id1	id2	positive	None	il divo , the classical crossover quartet live in istanbul september 27 . great music in a wonderful concert area . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember to make @USER your #1 option for game night meals for tomorrows knicks/heat game and saturdays nets/raptors game !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well shit ! i hope your back for the morning show . i need you on my drive to cupertino on monday ! have fun !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonga will perform the first haka at eden park on friday ; the all blacks can choose to do their haka simultaneously or once tonga finishes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	analysis : daniels made the right court pick : gov . mitch daniels said friday he appointed tippecanoe county superior ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER glad you do . i think he may even be the next spurs player to leave for a really big club . before bale possibly .
id1	id2	negative	None	monta ellis commits his 1st foul ! hes cold with 2 missed fts , a foul and a miss to start q3 . #bucks trail #bulls 70-60 , mid q3 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watched muse on the jonathan ross show last night and promptly had nightmares about screwing everything up on wednesday ! eeek !
id1	id2	negative	None	the new bruno mars song is wicked . it sounds like a cross between the police and michael jackson . i may or may not play it 14 times/day ..!
id1	id2	positive	None	i have no doubt that wiggins will win tour de romandie tomorrow . second stage race win after paris-nice . hes so going to be on tdf podium !
id1	id2	negative	None	watched the 1st season of scandal and all i can say is olivia pope is a bad girl !!! got season 2 on dvr ...
id1	id2	positive	None	tryna prepare myself for this concert sunday . two of the greatest hip-hop/r&b artist on the same stage , same URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#grass /woods_fire - ( lawrence county ) bridgeport fire dispatched to the 6th curve into petrolia ( trust me , if you ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic . man utd in relegation zone after 15 games and aston villa in 2nd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	android 4.2 camera app with photo sphere now available for galaxy nexus : introduced on monday , android 4.2 bring ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	suengyeon said that kamilia is miracle in the fanmeeting in japan yesterday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wow look at this another amazing monday jennette on ellen in 8 place we do this for you we love you pic.twitter.com/lthurvaw
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER bitch u shoulda came with me saturday sooo much fun . met romeo santos lmao na i met his look a like
id1	id2	positive	None	i played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than i remember
id1	id2	positive	None	an exciting day tomorrow @USER oscars well making his chase debut and operating first time out over hurdles !! #fingerscrossed
id1	id2	neutral	None	stars play hollywood icons - jane fonda & alan rickman as nancy URL @USER we may just have to c this 2gether !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER they will have the last laugh when we get to the carling cup final .. result may vary .
id1	id2	positive	None	this friday we celebrate/mock the love of avril and chad . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if youre with metropcs then this is probably the best phone you can buy URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER according to reporters on the scene at practice , lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury
id1	id2	positive	None	so proud of @USER for the huge upset against maryland . time for us to do the same tomorrow night #godeacs
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER thats what happens when you go to spurs . & btw to answer your prev q basically there was a shooting by the police last thurs
id1	id2	neutral	None	madison square garden hosts its first wwe monday night raw , featuring the wwe debut of mick foleys cactus jack ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what have you got for tomorrow ? i have over 2.5 in espanyol - bilbao , sociedad to win and osauna - 0.25 .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cupid doesnt lie but you wont know unless you give it a try wwooww . may pinaghuhugutan !
id1	id2	positive	None	it makes me happy to see that ron jaworski isnt on monday night football . suck it @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	keen for the eagles game today . #goeagles
id1	id2	neutral	None	interview with devon alexander speed kills ( video ) on tuesday oct 16th we had the privilege of catch up with ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember that janet devlin girl on tonights x factor , the obviously in the final 12 one ? she has a youtube channel : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watney fires 61 to win cimb classic : nick watney fired a 10-under 61 on sunday to rally and win the cimb classic ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bowling tryouts november 5th pass it on if interested
id1	id2	negative	None	im gonna hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	this #earthquake may be the only thing in the history of the mta that hasnt caused service disruptions ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER the red fort is very cool . my favorite place so far . workshop starts tomorrow then one more day left .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i guess ill just sleep in martins class tomorrow .. lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck tonight @USER teen choice awards :) i know twilight is gonna take them all !! ill b watching xoxo
id1	id2	positive	None	morning all , lovely rainy day in scotland yet again . back to watching @USER live stream #indieweekend and see what going on today =d
id1	id2	neutral	None	president obama on thursday named former microsoft and fcc executive steven vanroekel as the new federal chief information officer ( cio ) .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is bringing out kendrick lamar the 6th of december !?! get your tickets now !
id1	id2	neutral	None	revis bats down sanchez pass to holmes . 3rd pbu by 24 in 2days . holmes makes up 4 it with catch on cromartie on next play . #nyj
id1	id2	neutral	None	jan mursak is making his season debut tonight in place of todd bertuzzi , per @USER #redwings
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah , seems like a lot of people started watching around that time , around last wc . admittedly , lfc hasnt been good since 05 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	new post rob will be on the kyle and jackie o show on tuesday 23nd URL
id1	id2	positive	None	things i want to do : live in toronto to work , go to school , and pursue acting , and go to second city . and go out to banff to work in january !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the wind bringing all of the leaves to our feet for tomorrow , the street viceroy artwork and track list to be unveiled . samos red carpet .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im thinking about making august baby month at lifes a celebration . with tips and ideas for those expectant and new mums out there .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mehgan james from bad girls club will be in the building friday @USER to get an express pass go URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its 2 am & i have to wake up at 5:30 in the morning . to sleep or to keep watching jersey shore ? to sleep ! nah , i think ill stay up :d
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lots of hot toddies needed ! got tickets to see you at rich mix on sunday as part of a birthday treat , hope youre better by then !
id1	id2	neutral	None	love and harden hitting the deck in pursuit of loose balls early 2nd q . proof this is not an nba all-star game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wish i had a ss tshirt , i would wear it right now and tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	after a truly amazing & blessed 1st day @USER london conference we are soon to embark upon day 2 !! come & take time out to learn truth
id1	id2	neutral	None	game day .. arsenal ladies vs turbine potsdam .. champions league last 16 1st leg .. get down and support the gooners ..!! #uwcl #alfc
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to the nest prizefighter on nov 3rd at bethnal green - light middleweights turn - 2k bonus added for each ko , #incentive
id1	id2	negative	None	toni gonzaga will be in legazpi on october 30 . huhuhuhu . i wanna cry i want to come but how ? i dont have money . waaah @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you didnt say that yesterday with milan ? btw , you see thiago smalling today ? ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER pls rt bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep URL #bsbp
id1	id2	positive	None	if the votes are for the best album then pj harvey will win tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	democrats defeat republicans 8-2 in congressional baseball game tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks , sister ! have a great 1st day in nebraska ! #pilove rt @USER hope you have the most amazing time on your european adventure !! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	careless world is the album of the year by @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	surprisingly , k.k. downing , formerly of judas priest , has his birthday on october 27 , just two days after fellow ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER elvis presleys 34th death anniversary is on aug 16 . shammi kapoor , the man they often called indias elvis presley
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER u r a 5-star to the hog fans , va3 !!! u got props from the coach wednesday night at the signing day event in the ville , #wps !
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked a @USER video URL 17th grammys : paul simon and john lennon co-presenting the grammy for record of the
id1	id2	neutral	None	got my tix to victory rally w/ mitt , ann & the gop team at fiddlers green on saturday . should be a monster hoot .
id1	id2	positive	None	they say you are what you eat , but its friday and i dont care ! #tgif @USER crows nest ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER 4 dead americans in #benghazi apparently are a lesser tragedy than death of trayvon martin may he rip .
id1	id2	positive	None	liked the noesen/rakell/wilson line tonight , although they faded a bit in 2nd half . connor carrick ( wsh ) and garret meurs ( col ) good too .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER go boro ! may the force be with you from the 1st second to the last !
id1	id2	neutral	None	back in the day when catholics ate fish every friday , our school thought itd serve for lunch the best of both worlds : tunafish hot dogs .
id1	id2	neutral	None	open source misconceptions fading : it web : south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the wo ... URL #linux
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER obama has over 8 million followers . i think only a few read every tweet . that may be the case with all others .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER follow @USER and meet her on november 26 , outside the bell center at 4:00 ? 3
id1	id2	negative	None	really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell im mad as hell and im not going to take it anymore ! #lloyd
id1	id2	negative	None	oh and rafa said before the injury he was having the best year he ever had was 1st in the race ... :( #m6
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well ive got to sort out hotels etc for when im in derby tonight , but ill stay updated ! cesc to score the winner ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	#logansport school board members got a preview of the districts istep scores monday night : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes todays republicans
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER said you made keith richards look baby faced . * may not have actually said this .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you mix jericho , dbz , fairy tales , and ghost rider in a 3rd person pov with magic that was mine last night
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck for saturday pal , cant wait to see you fight against what i assume will be devon alexander .
id1	id2	negative	None	im assuming that heb ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than super bowl sunday today
id1	id2	neutral	None	on thursday night , white arrows , hindu pirates and group love entertained the crowds who showed up on the sand a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER friday oct 19th !!! the alumni will be rocking philly !!! free show @USER liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop !
id1	id2	negative	None	is this how david miliband got into oxford with bad grades ? URL #bbcnews
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER can you tell evelyns bum mass im not gonna be at the bus stop tomorrow ?!?!?
id1	id2	negative	None	correction @USER marching band is cancelled tomorrow , why in the world wld we think they had common sense to cancel school so early duh !
id1	id2	neutral	None	milan-genoa : 22 rossoneri : milanello - 22 players have been called up for milan-genoa tomorrow at the san siro s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ive only just begun ! i miss putting in 10 hour shifts on 3rd floor paterno ... not really though .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tickets have come to see #theused on november 8th at the nia ! sweet , even though evanescence are headline im just going to see the used !
id1	id2	positive	None	talladega nights on comedy central . might just stay in tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i stay up til 6:30 every morning just to watch between the lions .
id1	id2	positive	None	tennessee techs steve payne says murray state does things the right way - oct 24 @USER pm et URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cbs says commentator andy rooney will make his final weekly 60 minutes appearance on this sundays edition : URL -ras
id1	id2	negative	None	kinda just want to stay home and cry all day tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER stasera ho guadato due film - bel ami con robert pattinson , quale stato cosi :/ e la seconda film- the ides of march
id1	id2	neutral	None	#spurs striker emmanuel adebayor will miss thursdays #uel game against #lazio with a hamstring injury .
id1	id2	neutral	None	beyond obamas hope : the work of shepard fairey URL
id1	id2	negative	None	so i have a red eye flight home from ca sat . night at 1am pst w/ layover in dallas on cst along with the clocks being pushed back an hour .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 3rd monthsary #loverss ! :) salamat sa pag support ky ate @USER :) all for deniesse , all for the love . pic.twitter.com/fsmbsxu5
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow the field gets set for #daytona500 duels start 2pm on #speed all starts 10am with nationwide practice on #espn2 trucks at noon
id1	id2	negative	None	#trayvon my daily tweet ( 10/05 ) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 223 days ago . ~ may you rest in peace ~ ( thoughts of love to family )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #mittromney may have run the olympics and balanced massachusetts books but i learned all i know about economics from simcity
id1	id2	neutral	None	-australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	repost : : microsofts tv subscription , if not rumored may launch with apples icloud - international business times URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tokyo , seoul , london , new york kimama ni sekai wo drive tonight kakuchi de hirou suru new style :)
id1	id2	positive	None	stayed up too late to watch the 1st ep of sons of anarchy . new favourite show ! #sonsofanarchy
id1	id2	neutral	None	the choreographers pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the fb page , twitter & posted up in the murphy center tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER :) most def , i think when you come tomorrow the boys will be here .
id1	id2	neutral	None	knicks vs heat tomorrow . kicking off the season at msg .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER thanks for the heads up on the sportchek 50% off jets promo . got some gear tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	like larry bird in the ole 3pt contest ... tonight at the alfred e . smith dinner #romney went 1st and absolutely crushed it . #obamafailed
id1	id2	negative	None	unforgivable by christina grimmie .. not quite feeling it yet . then again , i wasnt quite feeling safe & sound til i heared it a 2nd time !
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you want more books to read during the summer months , then go to book swap at starbucks , landmark on tuesday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow night at 7 p . m ... we need madison city stadium packed with everyone wearing red as bob jones defends its region 8 championship
id1	id2	neutral	None	#broncos peyton manning named afc offensive player of the month . its his 5th such honor , second to tom bradys 6 , tied w/ td .
id1	id2	neutral	None	marvels phase two kicks off with iron man 3 trailer on october 23rd : briefly : if halloween isnt enough to l ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	you know youre in sf when , on a thurs night at 6pm , there are people lined up around the block to see reid hoffman .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the wisconsin 14 fought for you , now its time to fight for them ! vote holperin & wirch this tuesday , august 16th ! #wiunion #wirecall #p2
id1	id2	positive	None	i still remember those days when demi was tweeting lyrics from unbroken and now shes tweeting lyrics from her 4th album ! im so excited ! <3
id1	id2	positive	None	dear christina grimmie , you may not know it but sometimes your songs are all i need when im feeling down .
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you snow for cancelling classes today . now you may stop snowing , so that i can drive to chapel hill tomorrow . id really appreciate it
id1	id2	negative	None	apparently the #vmas are tonight . i refuse to support anything which helped the jersey shore cast flee the hurricane .
id1	id2	positive	None	#jets #jetsnation on my way to #nyc . will be on @USER tonite on jetsinsider at 7pm ! cant wait to talk jets and #nfl . everybody check it out !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ahaaa . mom is funny af . lolrt @USER my mom called & said shes going to thee club saturday to see plies -___- mom sit down .
id1	id2	negative	None	so we arrived in scotland yesterday and it hasnt stopped raining since . and to make things worse its sunny at home . #typical
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rui en , hahaha . then 2nd female lead is wang xinru . but the main person in the show is xiaogui bahs .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fastball , wild seeds set to take the stage for grulkefest : a celebration of brent at acl live URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER today i started pre-planning my march trip to wppi and to visit @USER in ca . i cannot wait to see you again !!
id1	id2	positive	None	going to buffalo wild wings tomorrow with my life long friend israel and my brother .. thats what i call a good night . #knicksnation
id1	id2	neutral	None	when columbus shoots bill murray in zombieland it may be one of the funniest things ever .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL boris johnson times . ed moans abt george going 1st class but david miliband travelled by royal jet . #boris johnson
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER elvis presleys 34th death anniversary is on aug 16 . 14 aug , today is the independence day of pakistan .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you are at the rampage game dm me i may be able to get you in our suite .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive never sat through an episode of gossip girl which does not inhibit me from calling it jim hensons bret easton ellis babies
id1	id2	neutral	None	20 countries to attend iranplast 2012 expo : tehran - the 8th edition of the iranplast exhibition will open on ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER { ari heard circes giggle and sat up in her hammock } er , anybody there ? { she called out , scanning the shore line of the --
id1	id2	positive	None	ravens sign ricky williams ohhh leee dueeettt #blackbirdgang ... they bout to smokeout the locker room tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	q1 5:30 . alex smith pass to kyle williams to the san francisco 38 for 6 yards . 1st & 10 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hmm , i think i am living the movie ground hog day , grandma jan and isaac are back again this weekend
id1	id2	neutral	None	#middleschoolmemories when i went to marana for the last 2 months of 8th grade i got sent to iss everyday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	for april to try to make me come to richwood <<
id1	id2	neutral	None	old school green day and sum 41 playing at work . i just might make it through the night
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im actually touring the new addition tomorrow between meetings . they do have wbb tonight & mens hockey tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER not going to the swimming pool . my bikini defo stays at home ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching this drew peterson movie on lifetime just to spark conversation in miss mapes class tomorrow @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	indians are up 8-3 ! they have to win tonight , facing verlander tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched the campaign with will ferrell and zack galafianakis ... good fun for a wednesday . #hilarious
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER capello had poor english in his first press conference and used a translator , by 1st game he spoke fine . cost isnt an issue #trapout
id1	id2	positive	None	addicted to #dexter ... whats new . almost done with season 5 and i just got it on thursday !
id1	id2	positive	None	i still want that birthday cake remix that i wanted on saturday ...
id1	id2	positive	None	theo vs evra on saturday . wenger make this happen .
id1	id2	positive	None	oh and we are playing @USER united center at 1pm on december 1st come support us and buy a ticket from me to watch the bulls !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	about to watch the 2nd half of season 2 of breaking bad on my long flight to hong kong #buzzin
id1	id2	negative	None	if the world ends in december , imma find justin beiber and castrate him before i die .
id1	id2	neutral	None	there is also a second mexico city , mexico show on october 19th . same venue as the show on the 18th , palacio de los deportes .
id1	id2	negative	None	last night for @USER lloyd robertson . a sad day for news , will miss that deep voice . #legendary
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent ? apply for the marie colvin scholarship URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tannehill may join quinn and rodgers , slide out of top 20 : texas a&ms ryan tannehill will be the third quarterb ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the earliest you can complete your 2013-2014 fafsa is january 1st and our priority deadline is march 1st . you must fill one out every year !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER now that the attitude of a real winner . hey , justin biebers manager may just be looking to sign you ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	two-time champion @USER is down big early , but still has romo and dez tonight , as well as two rbs to go .
id1	id2	neutral	None	come out and join us for the sia trek or treat , october 27th ! URL its a fundraiser for the safe house !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lmaooo thats def in ajax . i guess ill give it to ya in december :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	lmao rt @USER went looting in spurs last night , broke into the white hart lane cabinet so left with a pile of dust and a bale dvd
id1	id2	neutral	None	think i might go to the colts game tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	brad keselowski is your winner ! jeff gordon finishes 2nd with mark martin , jimmie johnson and carl edwards rounding out the top 5 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	r @USER a dramatic hearing today in the case of amanda knox , the american woman convicted of murder in italy . story : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	will be assisting the marching band at the game tomorrow from the bleachers , i hope you all like vuvuzela
id1	id2	neutral	None	when all is said and done , fluke will still need a job . dws are you watching ? never mind you are out of office nov 6 . #tcot
id1	id2	neutral	None	tuesday ! boston cream , zombie toffee , snickerdoodle , neapolitan , smores , strawberry red velvet , black forest and the standards .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may or may not be in love with carrie underwood
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER mine just went back to nikon for the 4th time- 3 for shutter bounce- came back the other day with a scratched baseplate- fun .
id1	id2	positive	None	reminds me of the best night of my life . rt @USER 9am in dallas
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER /: im going to philadelphia saturday morning . & i have a volleyball game tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may your new year be filled with magic .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i dont know of a rule that could stop qld playing david taylor - the nrl to us on if qld can play taylor tomorrow in #origin3 #nrl
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tamilnadu bear with me for the power crisis : jayalalithaa : chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : scinerds : sharpening up jupiter amazing image of jupiter taken in infrared light on the night of aug ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	3 college reps on wednesday the 26th . otterbein , west liberty , and akron . sign up by 8 am if interested .
id1	id2	negative	None	gop has set the bar very low with a 4th cycle promoting a grossly un-american idea : potus as elected autocrat . #civics101
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER love that you 2 keep in touch :) one of my favorite dwts couples & reason i started watching in the 1st place !
id1	id2	neutral	None	6 agencies , incl . the bomb squad , were needed to dispose of hazardous waste at e . 10th st/post rd . URL pic.twitter.com/iesfohaa
id1	id2	negative	None	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury : detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sundays ga ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	especially nice to have rosedale @USER open in the neighborhood while ne branch at 7th & maryland is closed for renovations .
id1	id2	neutral	None	amanda knox wins another round in appeal : amanda knox won a skirmish today in the appeal of her murder convictio ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the international committee of the red cross on friday warned that three palestinian hunger strikers were at risk ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER love the iditarod ! used to do huge project when i taught 1st ! even went for start one year ! cant wait to see what you did !
id1	id2	neutral	None	red cross : syria is now in civil war : the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now conside ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	and tomorrow is the day that david guetta will come to play at fort canning .
id1	id2	positive	None	they figure they better get it all in tonight cause of verlander tomorrow ? is that it ? #indians
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looks like it . it is the preliminary , but likely no changes to our bracket .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER grow it out . i wanna see a part in the middle and bali beads either side before the 31st of fan .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rugby fest at padang : november 01 , 2012 3:54 pmtop class rugby action will take place at the padang from friday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	come to boot ride & rally with sons of anarchy & navy seal marcus luttrell today from 3:30 pm to 6:30 pm . ride ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	feel sorry for anyone going to the justin beiber concert tomorrow , theyre missing out on one of the best games of the night
id1	id2	neutral	None	how we do football sunday at the turner house . big screen , little screen , ipad . #gobigorgohome pic.twitter.com/et3rfs5h
id1	id2	negative	None	as an introduction to literature we wrote about the woman in black , not something i particulalry want to read , may just cry #shitmyself
id1	id2	positive	None	retweet if youre ready for big brother tonight ! #teamjorchel #bb13 #cbsbigbrother
id1	id2	positive	None	now ... i miss rui en on tv . its okay ... 18 february marks the day when rangels get to see her again .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER no , im going to muscat on friday . what will you do ?
id1	id2	positive	None	black history fact : marsalis is the 1st and only artist to win both classical and jazz grammy awards in one year , and to repeat the next yr
id1	id2	neutral	None	check it out !! frobisher says ! is free for ps vita october 23rd : posted by don mesa // director , product plannin ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER feel like more wouldve stayed if they just ran todays all-access first . sort of late to wait around for the 2nd one at rupp
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER kevin hart : seriously funny tonight at 10 on comedy central something to look forward too .
id1	id2	positive	None	all you need is ryan leaf and you got a show . rt @USER aaron rodgers , kurt warner and kyle kendrick are all in the jungle tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER bets that decent man , you going game on sat ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER preview of the nfc championship game sunday ?! im feelin an offensive shootout hahaha #vikes #cards #gameoftheweek
id1	id2	neutral	None	out tomorrow the players ! with jean dujardin and gilles lelouche taking on the theme of infidelity URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	##$$## black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 16mp live mos interchangeable lens camera with 3.0 -inch tilting oled tou ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow im coming back from barcelona ... i dont want ! :(((
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oppa you may have ur style like hoya oppa . dun worry , even now , you have a lot of fans , like me !!
id1	id2	positive	None	brandon weeden is going to be a player someday . hes not right now - ron jaworski just now on sunday nfl countdown #countdowntokickoff
id1	id2	neutral	None	( even the spirit of vengeance thinks you two should wed . )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hes a very good looking guy . is s3 on netflix ? i think im watching it tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER season ends with superbowl in first week of february .
id1	id2	neutral	None	michael jackson doctor trial to begin jury selection thursday : jury selection in the manslaugher case against dr. .. URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mvp - chris paul 6th man - jason terry defensive player - iman shumpert most improved - paul george coach of the year - george karl
id1	id2	negative	None	no wait !! mick foley will be at smu from 10 to 11 am on 03 nov ... but i still unsure on whether to go see kewei in the evening .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ha no problem was going to mention edgar davids but i wont now . where are you sat at the game ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	rocking out with machine gun kelly tomorrow night ! #tiwia #wildboy
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you to everyone who joined us on the bus on saturday and all the other lions supporters at loftus . it was awesome seeing loftus red !
id1	id2	positive	None	just got back home . tired . hopefully i can walkkk for world walking day tomorrow . see you at putrajaya :)
id1	id2	negative	None	silent house may be full of stupid choices that might make you stop caring , but its highly effective at building ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	daniels good-humored on comedy show : indiana gov . mitch daniels was a good sport thursday when he appeared on t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday 27/10/12 regal in session with the big tunes crew @USER iguana reading more niceness to keep ya skanking hard .
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd movie for the night - ghost rider :) #nowwatching ~
id1	id2	neutral	None	the word is that good morning america will air a piece on the yoga face tomorrow betwen 8 and 9 am , eastern ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	everyone show up again tomorrow that chardon game was too much fun to not do it again !! #beavercentral #pride
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the vitali klitschko party udar meeting in odessa , near potemkin stairs . 27 sep 2012 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	morning all ! me he despertado he peusto la mtv y estaban hablando de green day ! que bonito despertar !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you went to henryville up til like 4th grade right ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson , starts november 1st at 82mercer URL
id1	id2	positive	None	chicagoans : happy casimir pulaski day !!! wherever you are , find yourself a pierogi and celebrate !!! #pulaskiday
id1	id2	neutral	None	the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now considers the conflict in syria a civil war , meaning international ...
id1	id2	positive	None	this may be the best exhibition ever . @USER centre URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i cant help but wonder while at the washington monument why they didnt utilize the grounds to create a huge sun dial pic.twitter.com/9ftnktms
id1	id2	negative	None	very jealous of the ridiculous adventure @USER is having tonight while i just sit at home watching big brother .
id1	id2	positive	None	normally i prefer a spot of rammstein on a sunday morning - perfect for doing the ironing or a spot of aggressive furniture polishing .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i smooth just set aside 2 stacks for the grammys in february .
id1	id2	negative	None	i had a nightmare last night where i missed the 2nd rd of my #fantasybasketball draft and they autodrafted me jr smith . #truestory lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER with those winnings u can play chesters shot games tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	late friday meet was just to clear air , says bjp a day later : sources said the rumour about gadkari quitting might have started ... #news
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd day of #vinoomankad u19 :( odi ): haryana , kerala , andhra , tn , mumbai , baroda , up won their matches against j&k , kar , hyd , goa , mh , baroda , up
id1	id2	neutral	None	photos i took tuesday morning of the aftermath from hurricane #sandy in a 2 block span of long beach , ny URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER krystal you better heal up in time for national margarita day on feb 22 ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	after mrs o , castro , fluke & now clinton , i am so proud of the party that i believe in & will vote for in nov . tomorrow night is just icing
id1	id2	positive	None	droid bionic seemingly clears the fcc , may finally be headed for ( us ) glory URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sitting in the sun listening to nipsey hussle
id1	id2	neutral	None	not that i want to tip my hand ... but there will be moves in both portfolios tomorrow morning at 8:35 am ( cst ) home run and follow the $$
id1	id2	positive	None	northern lights sale on thursday ; great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue ! genomics the full packages ! view catalogue online !
id1	id2	positive	None	the winans singing tomorrow . they still got it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER thinking about watching the afl rising stars game sat . anyone know if they have posted the rosters yet ? #azfl
id1	id2	positive	None	currently in egypt & looking 4 a decent website to watch everton tonight ! ideas most welcome cheers coyb
id1	id2	positive	None	okay . my sister is freaking out because allstar isnt playing at the wildwood show tomorrow lmfaooo !
id1	id2	neutral	None	qb/rb threat blake sims may be just offensive weapon bama needs URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ive really , really missed hearing from green day , it was so nice seeing the video from the pipeline to a cure event yesterday :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	elvis presleys 34th death anniversary is on aug 16 . shammi kapoor , the man they often called indias elvis presley , passed away on aug 14 .
id1	id2	negative	None	ghost rider 2 : spirit of vengeance , may just have enough nonsense to satisfy @USER statham-quotient .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER first meet december 8th in the murphy center
id1	id2	positive	None	celebrating st georges day , the bards birth day or even world book day ? april 23rd is a great day for history , heritage & culture . enjoy !
id1	id2	neutral	None	democratic leaders see this video report & the coni report & find out the truth on 7th feb in maldives URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i think staying with cole , idk . though . i might come to lima sat .
id1	id2	neutral	None	springsteen is here sat but if thats not your thing rick ross will be in lexington the same night at @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to wrh ive got on the guest list for the opening night of the shepard fairey show over at stolenspace on friday night !
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for tomorrow night ! and no not bc of jersey shore but bc its the first official game of the nfl season !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you . now i just need to ace the theoretical midterm tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	great shows at java jazz in jakarta . just landed in tokyo and well be at billboard live tomorrow with al jarreau & the george duke trio .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lolol ! aunt : so what happen with you and mike ? you guys arent together ? me : wth ! who told you ? aunt : cmon evelyn , facebook !
id1	id2	neutral	None	first reviews of lincoln : steven spielberg is the one to beat at the oscars | herald sun : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i saw her on tuesday by java jazz . and i cant help it if girls like me lol :p
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER these birds dont buy the sun banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye & the lfc96 #dontbuythesun pic.twitter.com/zo2bkzcf
id1	id2	positive	None	kurt convey wins the boys race in 16:01 with nick diaz coming in 2nd around 16:10 . rounding out the top 3 was kenny castro .
id1	id2	positive	None	holy shit was it social justice sunday on tumblr or something because wow #stayingthefuckawayfromtumblrsj
id1	id2	neutral	None	an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness ? find out how with @USER in san fran in dec URL pls rt !
id1	id2	neutral	None	pierce the veilrt @USER miss may irt @USER lagu demen bullet for my valentine , hbu ??
id1	id2	positive	None	if you havent seen your good giving guide yet , check it out online . the challenge starts nov 1 - we appreciate your support !...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi bob . m fine . tomorrow is a holiday here , all souls day n the 15th republic day , another holiday . now im a little busy ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	brandon roys return and derrick williams role may determine if the timberwolves take the next step .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER im just suggesting it for the sake of completeness , a la polariss may 31st deadline & academy awards dec . 31 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	still have no costume for saturday @USER - if dead rock stars is on , john belushi it is in juliet jake blues guise
id1	id2	neutral	None	edmontons james murdoch and jay sparrow take their new collaboration to torontos rivoli tonight , dakota tavern sat URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the emmys seem mostly a bore , but the women ( including amy poelher and melissa mccarthy ) brought their a game tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow is all souls day - join us for mass at 8.30 am or 7.15 pm . holy hour after the 7.15 pm mass , led by ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ima ask for the day off ! im not gonna miss watching breaking dawn for our 10th month anniversary ! ( :
id1	id2	positive	None	a1 live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november 23 URL #cebufinest
id1	id2	neutral	None	wondering what to do tomorrow in the rain ? come on down to lil iguanas childrens safety foundation for their ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lucky i didnt go to the spurs game last night
id1	id2	neutral	None	heading to london bringing the sdtrk to shepard fairey - @USER sound & vision show friday @USER at trumans brewery .
id1	id2	positive	None	is that lady in the 1st scene of wanderlust w/ jennifer aniston & paul rudd the lady from mels diner ? if so , i am so happy to see her .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its done ! my brother just got married ... we turnin up at jett lounge tonight and at grannys house tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	colts owner jim irsay to donate $ 64,753 to @USER victims fund . thats # of tickets distributed to tonights game .
id1	id2	negative	None	esperance will be without star player youssef msakni for the first leg of the champions league final against al ahly on saturday . #africa
id1	id2	negative	None	its been 2 days since i last listened to #superscoreboard & i come back tonight & rangers debts is the 1st subject i hear . change the record
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to everyone who came out friday night to see us with threat signal at dickens ! awesome night !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER congratulations rona for the 5th place in eurosong contest . you deserve more than this <3
id1	id2	positive	None	nolito with an assist and a superb winner for benfica against arsenal last night . he really is turning on the heat !
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch for the sea of pink strutting through cupertino on saturday morning . give em a wave , or a honk , or just ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	infinites last date of their japan arena tour is on the 22nd of november . lucky fans , they get to be with dongwoo on his birthday .
id1	id2	positive	None	monday is a moon day ! enjoy a sleep-in tomorrow & a little extra rest . come to the workshop with harmony lichty ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so theres a jordans release tomorrow at florida mall , am i going to be a sneaker head and go get them ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	presidents day is over , duty will resume tomorrow , see you all guys at cafe juan
id1	id2	neutral	None	news : visafone and research in motion ( rim ) on wednesday seal a deal in lagos that will see the first cdma blackberry roll out in nigeria .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sat next to a black guy on a train , when niggas in paris came on ... had to turn it up !
id1	id2	neutral	None	e l james is writing a 4th book to the fifty shades series ! it will be out before christmas :)
id1	id2	positive	None	ghost rider 2 was good but it was super trippy . 1st one is better .
id1	id2	positive	None	what will have a better tv rating ... #cardinals v #rockies tonight or mnf with #texans and #jets ? reg season hardball v preseason football
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you beat them 5-1 in the san siro but terry henrys 3rd goal is world class . #nevermindpires !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER another center ? gagner is a good cheap 2nd line option that we can afford and keep the kids .
id1	id2	neutral	None	yo unnu memba #ambrozia this saturday at oneils place enuh !!! bear tingzz production it loud !!! u hav u ticket yet ?!?!?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes , anything possible , but u didnt answer 2nd question . why back to 67 borders ? to make israel weaker militarily ? if so , why ??
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow night its your chance to slay a dragon in jerusalems old city ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet . theres no chance of looters visiting there
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to everclear at backstage live in san antonio , tx - nov 8 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	congratulations to all the idiots rioting in nth london tonight - suppose well see you in the education related protests soon #singlecell
id1	id2	positive	None	yay inbetweeners is in the cinemas august 17th should be well funny
id1	id2	neutral	None	#onthisday 2005 prince charles married camilla parker bowles . well , there were three of us in this marriage , so it was a bit crowded
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tmzeargasm tomorrow .. #back2back . we will play nirvana . another 4 acts . who do you want ? tell us :)
id1	id2	positive	None	just walking to the victor ! happy 21st birthday lauren ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	on saturday night making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the grammys !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	##$$## black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 digital camera - black - with olympus 12-50mm f/ 3.5 - 5.6 ez zoom lens - b ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	was thinking about seeing jaws at the roxy on wednesday , but now it seems ill be seeing bait 3d instead . itll be just as good , right ?
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow is last day for early voting in nevada . i am not inspired to vote early . i dont like many of the choices . most suck balls .
id1	id2	neutral	None	europe aa prices may firm on asian supply , but not in q4 - buyers : london ( icis) -- buyers in the european acrylat ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have been informed of caltrains 9:10 delay of 15 min . we a 2nd shuttle on route for the delayed train . call 408-525-4646 .
id1	id2	positive	None	k im done lookin at nicki minajs titties for 2nite .. found someone to skype with ! smiles for those late night skype sessions . god bless women
id1	id2	neutral	None	gregg williams will attend st. louis rams game sunday , espn reports : jonathan vilma points out the interesting t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	they are hereee ! im so envy those who just met them at the klia especially who took pictures w nick j :( tomorrow is my turn !
id1	id2	neutral	None	flight with denzel washington comes out tomorrow >>>
id1	id2	positive	None	project x is the best film ever made and someone with money needs to have one , like this friday . #makeithappen
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow haunted house with sam kaitlyn marisela yesinea marcos and maybe walter and katie xd
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked a @USER video URL anonymous - remember , remember the 5th of november
id1	id2	positive	None	#skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30 pm hosted by #saab its always fun when you rolling !!! haha x2
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband , but may only do so with her bare hands . ( hong kong )
id1	id2	positive	None	idc if tomorrow decides to be a shitty day im gonna make it the best goddamn day ever . #determined
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the lorax with my boys .. happy saturday
id1	id2	positive	None	cried for every episode of dream high 2 starting from episode 13 !!! t-t tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode !
id1	id2	neutral	None	walking all the way to isat in this weather and seeing a sign on the door saying class is cancelled <<< but test postponed to thursday >>>
id1	id2	negative	None	just been told by west-point cop that dixie wont be open till friday , morning or night he wasnt sure yet .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER steve jobs silky mouthed fellatio is akin to the bliss of my iphone each and every morning . hail to the king , baby !
id1	id2	negative	None	the world bank cut its economic growth forecasts for the east asia and pacific region on monday and said there was a risk the slowdow ...
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day !!! @USER everyday is the 14th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the ambition of nadal , the knees of ena sharples and the liver of george best . my recipe for saturday tennis . #5 -7 5-7
id1	id2	neutral	None	this next superbowl is on my ( 21st ) birthday . random fact of the day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	brook marie had the chance to attend the 10th annual honey shine mentoring program luncheon yesterday at jungle island with a few ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ying wants to know if you still desire her competition readers ? she can bring them in tomorrow if so .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER scummy saha will play against us on saturday , i hope he wont score like how he scored in the north london derby
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER come with me , and you will see @USER @USER @USER and david taylor at pivopivo tomorrow night
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you are attending the sustainable brands london conference in november please let us know ! URL #sblondon #linkedin
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ... starting 11 in the 1st half featured players who have not been in the managers plans , cole , henderson , downing etc ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	gary carter on 2nd screen : content is floating free from the distribution platform . opportunity for producers , threat for broadcasters
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day ? o.o say what ? is it feb 14th already ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	if im a cicis buffet , these mosquitoes are going in on me like obese catholics on the last friday of lent .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#ladsontour mon the boys !!! theres only 1 thing missin #banjooo how nooo
id1	id2	positive	None	ahhh , the sun is shining , the birds are singing and this nirvana track i have on is bringing it down . skipety .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i know it wasnt a typo the curse on romo is coming sun he going 2 suffer a sports hernia followed by receiving crabs from dez
id1	id2	positive	None	7:23 a young savage named suadonte wright was born , i love you baby & may your soul rest <333 i miss you donnn !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER shes alright , shell win the brit award for best female if she breaks wind between now and may .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just found out ill be playing at the same tournament with ut as my brother with his h.s. in february in new orleans during mardis gras .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#afc preview followed by live coverage of saturdays game between man utd and arsenal in the premier league . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	playing @USER all day to prep for tomorrows concert at fort canning . go , baby , go go !
id1	id2	positive	None	may possibly like dream high 2 better than the original ! #gasp !
id1	id2	positive	None	listen in hour 2 for an expansive interview with poet frank x . walker who present his works at murray state on november 1 . #soundsgood
id1	id2	neutral	None	#obamanewpromises chinese new year will replace the 4th of july as our independence day holiday
id1	id2	positive	None	goin to the east playoff game tomorrow . :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER me too . netflix night with wifey and kids .
id1	id2	neutral	None	can someone give me a lift from pope pius school to hillsborough on tuesday night at about 7:30 please ! anyone ! money will be involved !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	lol super awkward if its hella foggy at rim tomorrow and the games suppose to be on tv lol uhhh .. wheres the ball ? lol
id1	id2	positive	None	last 24hrs covered delhi , passing thru punjab , haryana . tomorrow morning jammu . just loving it !
id1	id2	positive	None	support : were excited that stan walker & advocates are running for the kids the sun-herald city2surf soon !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	axl rose through the bose in my rolls , through the concrete u see a rose still rose , counted up a million dollars fore that sun rose
id1	id2	neutral	None	i had no clue the tca were on tonight . so to guess who wins , twilight and justin bieber win everything . it happens every year .
id1	id2	neutral	None	workin all week , then to rupp for the uk game monday . #soundsgoodtome #teambbn #cats
id1	id2	negative	None	pretty upset im not goin to see the jets practice tomorrow /:
id1	id2	negative	None	well hell . im drivin , by myself , in nebraska tomorrow . why do i get the feeling that this will not end well ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what is a trees favourite day of the christian calendar ? ash wednesday #lolle
id1	id2	negative	None	martin must be dreading it . its make or break for him tomorrow . its the nature of the beast
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow i get to make a birthday cake .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER qeii in woolwich . only 20 mins from home . :) my sister becky is going to come and stay sat-mon i think .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you for the follow . interesting book you have in amazon , think i may check it out ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	awaiting update on mikel leshoures injury . but so far , wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing .
id1	id2	neutral	None	may or may not be in the same building as viola davis right now #nbd
id1	id2	neutral	None	planned maintenance for the playstation network scheduled for monday , october 15th from 4am to 4pm pacific time 7am to 7pm eastern #reminder
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER part of the india a playing xi , will be available for the ranji trophy opening fixture against baroda starting tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the @USER should have traded @USER for monta ellis and 1st round pick ... #smh #bucks #thunde #bemilwaukee #buckspride
id1	id2	negative	None	is it evil to laugh when a 3rd grader reads a short story , and at least five times , mistakes the name becky for blocky ? #stickingtoit
id1	id2	neutral	None	#flexthursday !! dis thursday !!! wit @USER @USER crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit #pinkcity !..
id1	id2	neutral	None	drew doughty , jeff carter to receive heroes welcome thursday : londons streak as the city of champions will continue ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	to whom it may concern in luxembourg : you liked the madoff affair you will enjoy the apollonia affair URL #affaireapollonia
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER as we reported earlier in the day , pg lorenzo brown will have surgery on tuesday . hoping 4 speedy recovery
id1	id2	positive	None	1 . noel fielding comedy gala tonight :) 2 . work all day tomorrow 3 . granny smith festival that night
id1	id2	positive	None	ooshma garg started her 2nd successful company , gobble . watch how she got to one of her biggest investors -- reid hoffman URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well , hes 2nd in the al in era . he has a chance at the cy young , though verlander is probably ahead of him right now
id1	id2	positive	None	so i might go to the selma vs . kingsburg game tomorrow (:
id1	id2	positive	None	our last draw for an hd tv is today , 24 feb ., at noon . good luck , everyone ! details to enter the #pplhdtv comp :
id1	id2	neutral	None	it must be thursday everyday cuz niggas is thirsty all the time
id1	id2	neutral	None	the songs i want to hear most on sunday are rella , la bonita , radical and 50
id1	id2	neutral	None	hommage to gary carter and the expos day tomorrow at rcup : dollar hot dogs , and $8 tix at the 300 level . #youppiwillbehere
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 27 , completes the its 61 years kenneth kk downing jr. , guitarist in the british heavy metal band judas priest URL
id1	id2	negative	None	scariest man alive . kendrick perkins is close 2nd @USER ray lewis is probably the only human being ever not born with an indoor voice
id1	id2	positive	None	off to see toby keith at the red rock casino amphitheater tonight in vegas . oh yeah :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	catch me up there on lemon and hermosa after saturday at the new pad
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lets just say , i call it the caseys trifecta . ill explain in homeroom tomorrow ... after i ask cory to homecoming lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	derrick mason at the slot though ? i can just hear it now ... sanchez to mason ... 1st down .. another 3rd down conversion ! all year ... #jets
id1	id2	positive	None	first game of the season for the lakers tomorrow #cantwait
id1	id2	neutral	None	update : rise of the planet of the apes takes in nearly $20m on friday - christian post URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mack sure you check out @USER and @USER this saturday @USER bodi
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER see you in tallahassee on friday ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	euro parliament may freeze contacts with duma until russia holds free and fair elections - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	settingt the closing line o/u at superbowl for bagatelle shaded under , line may move to jan 1st
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER however , he has confirmed breaking a chair in the duke pressbox , 2nd such destruction at a duke sporting event .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER cause my agent say those who wanna continue at adidas go to the office on monday @USER no other days to go alr ! ask quick .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER haha ! unlike scotland , its bloody scorching here this morning , having my brekkie outside before heading out - later !
id1	id2	negative	None	too lazy to do loraxs journal . would just do it tomorrow at school .
id1	id2	neutral	None	iphone 5 : apple ceo pledges to improve new map app : apple ceo tim cook apologized on friday for the companys er ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	uefa womens champions league update , including @USER scoring in a game with lots of americans : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	even if youre totally over the whole political process and dont feel like going out on super tuesday , remember ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aww ! im just kidding with you ! ;) and yeeesss ! you dont have school tomorrow ? thalia doesnt either !
id1	id2	positive	None	rtd tweet : a bit of sunday fun , shot in whitstable , kent and muscat , oman ! down poured the heavens : URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i love my girl evelyn at work she switched shifts with me saturday :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	upcoming saturday @USER moon : the start of a whole new season of the harder styles : first contact !! with ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	stick with libero for live updates from the games tomorrow : feyenoord vs ajax and bayern munich vs bayer leverkusen
id1	id2	neutral	None	in study mode ... cramming to the max for this midterm tomorrow . t-minus 15 hours til exam .
id1	id2	positive	None	twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpes awesome hall of fame speech . well have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight .
id1	id2	negative	None	well ... i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pics of the leaves . now ill have to take pics of the snow . #thanksweather
id1	id2	positive	None	going to the georgetown game on friday ! #imwearingblue #istillloveeastview
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sbs popped it into an earlier time slot , across 3 weeks- so i missed the 1st one- ( maddening ! ) but watched online- was v good .
id1	id2	positive	None	kasabian - fast fuse just came on shuffle on my ipod , definitely showing my excitement for @USER on tuesday !
id1	id2	positive	None	sons of anarchy may be one of the greatest shows on tv right now . thanks @USER and netflix
id1	id2	positive	None	so after david ruffin sat in the trap and smoked crack all day friday all day saturday and sunday i gotta salute his will to keep going !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 4th birthday to mersey ! celebrating with a new squeaky ball ... my ears are not celebrating . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER come and enjoy java jazz on the move @USER jan 28th ... | -- serpong jauh , cyinn ! :p
id1	id2	neutral	None	in all honesty , biden saw bridesmaids for the 1st time today and cant stop thinking about maya rudolph shitting in the street . #vpdebate
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER no problem phil .. oh hey were all going trick or treating saturday in na and then having an arvo if you wanna come :)
id1	id2	negative	None	nick diaz said he would fight gsp tomorrow if the ufc asked . except , you know , they wouldnt ... because youre suspended ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	redbacks collapse against tigers : ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	in my david ruffin voice oh its sunday ? well , i guess i aint gon be there then .
id1	id2	neutral	None	check my 1st time playin with jlin . #linsanity URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	spc places parts of central & eastern nc in the slight risk category for strong to severe storms with possible damaging winds on thursday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL i just voted for 1st lady to be on coast 2 coast mixtape 224 hosted by kendrick lamar ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	signing day this friday for fdahs . hate the school but i love my senior class , we be on .
id1	id2	positive	None	good friday morning people !!! redskins friday ... lets take care of the colts tonight even w/o payton manning .
id1	id2	negative	None	sat watching the fucking celtic game , sounds like im missing a corker at white hart lane
id1	id2	neutral	None	no youth tomorrow . come to fall festival . also , this sunday high school will attend main service with the adults for super sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	can someone bless with mr wattecamps hw tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	ghost of mississippi the story of the ghost that tripped eli manning on 4th down that fateful autumn night in oxford . #30for30
id1	id2	neutral	None	heisesec the h roundup - google drive backdoor , wayland 1.0 and raspberry pi : in the week ending 27 october - go ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant bud going to kentucky . if you wait till sunday fun day id like to go .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER so ? they put tebow in the top 100 and a fucking fullback in the top 100 . btw ray lewis was 3rd on the overrated thing . yup ...
id1	id2	positive	None	mersey side derby then the nfl at wembley . nice little sunday lined up .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh thatll be nice . where you going ? umm think im going to see inbetweeners on wednesday , otherwise free ? hannibal rising ?
id1	id2	positive	None	... may be thats why bjp is defending gadkari : they are all in the game . as shourie famously said , cong & bjp are now one party .
id1	id2	neutral	None	postage for o . henry stamp unveiled : the u.s. postal service on monday unveiled the stamp commemorating the life of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jumping off the brooklyn bridge with my hang glider on sunday . find a bookie , now taking bets on which state i land in
id1	id2	neutral	None	nicki minaj kissing lil wayne ! caught red handed at the nba all-star game ( exclusive photos/video ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rg-3 showed me a lot of skill 2day but , the nyg & defense secures elis 24th come from behind victory ! forcing 5 turnovers on wsh #hihaterz
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER good news i bought candy today , bringing some on tues . if it lasts
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER that sucks , amazon might have some left .. hate that i wont have it until 11am on tuesday though
id1	id2	neutral	None	last , u-school hc said the next member of the bomb squad will be 9th grader sam bruce , nephew of isaac bruce #2016prospect @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	with the ceremony tomorrow todays @USER tracks of the day come from pj harvey and metronomy URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i think big bang should tell us where theyre celebrating tops birthday on sunday so vips can come celebrate together with them ^^ lol
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the zombies would have been worse- the ad for walking dead s2 was playing all night during family guy . creeps me the fuck out !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its out already ? thought it was tomorrow ? denzel is the best ever . movie looks amazing .
id1	id2	positive	None	last tuesday we asked who is the greatest england captain ever ? and the winner is steven gerrard ( 50% of votes ) . 2nd place for bobby moore
id1	id2	neutral	None	even though i already know how it ends ... im watching the cmas tomorrow just to see blake drunk
id1	id2	neutral	None	taking a trip to wichita state tomorrow w/ my little brother . any alumni/wichitans with recos ? #sarcasmnotwelcome
id1	id2	positive	None	bad girls club : mexico ... is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other . i cant wait until monday . |d
id1	id2	neutral	None	tell your friends tell your family tell your mama !!! hey dont forget friday the 21st @USER harold washington ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	me personally dont see grammy playing afl again still 28 but i think hell turn to something else now . best of luck with what may be next .
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great weekend with the family . went to the ritz carlton which is the best hotel ever . thanks mom i enjoyed myself . sat by the band
id1	id2	negative	None	iranian general says israels iron dome cant deal with their missiles ( keep talking like that and we may end up finding out )
id1	id2	positive	None	hehehehe cant wait for the 3rd season of vampire diaries (:
id1	id2	neutral	None	ghost rider will be joining mvpc tomorrow afternoon . hes blind , but were hoping its just cataracts ... ghost is ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	safe and sound at narita airport ! feels good to be back at the land of rising sun
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER 1st and 10 , ball on the wsh 34-yd line . griffin back to pass , looks , moves around-here comes justin tuck and down goes rg3 :/
id1	id2	positive	None	black actresses shine at the 19th annual elle magazine women in hollywood celebration octavia spencer , viola davis and URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	someone comes to me and is like irene , what time did u got home yesterday ? what time did you left here #plantation
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out the senior bowls 1st scouters delight : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	re . mik , ram , lu & c dog , used to work with a few lads with eng as 2nd lang , was very nearly major incident over a simple misinterpretation
id1	id2	positive	None	nokia n9 in nine seconds : by ian posted on the 13th of july 2011 at 8:35 am global - the nokia n9 is fast . so fast that a regular 30-s ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha power ! nah i give other people chance
id1	id2	positive	None	may the peace of god that excels all thought be with nigeria .. amen .. rt @USER pray for peace in nigeria !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching the vow ... for the 4th time .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i finally got to play drums to irene at an @USER concert ! @USER wouldnt let me until tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you wouldnt believe how many demon fans want you to succeed col - kick some butt today and be back for the eagles .
id1	id2	positive	None	just saw wont back down the 2nd time ! wow ! viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal are phenomenal ! even better the 2nd time ! amazing cast too !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	new basics foundation for january just listed , beginning monday january 28th - thats right , australia day public ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i just found out that its his birthday last thursday .. :/ ... belated happy birthday francis m .. :]
id1	id2	positive	None	with j davlar 11th . main rivals are team poland . hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gonna watch final destination 5 tonight . i always leave the theater so afraid of everything . no huge escalators for sure :s
id1	id2	neutral	None	v-p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august 6 : some of our leaders are also in touch with ... URL #india
id1	id2	negative	None	bad news , no gibbs for saturday . unless we play tv5 at lb , we have lost before its started . santos is a liability and will be cut to shreds
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you can breathe a sigh of relief now the queen of the nerds is back . youll have to look out at sjp tomorrow too :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 9/9 account using your blackberry device , u may want to follow @USER for updates and additional support from rim .
id1	id2	negative	None	rt @USER one thing i learned from living in detroit was when a nigga pull out a gun you get the fuck on . crazy ass night already !
id1	id2	negative	None	august 11th 2010 was the day i met mitch ... i regret not taking a picture with him . fuck . ill miss going to ss shows ... </3
id1	id2	negative	None	under the cherry moon , my niggas carry heat , enough to bury june shaaataaap
id1	id2	neutral	None	yes i can call it commitment because they are signing yet . national signing day for nba is july 11th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we just confirmed nipsey hussle dec . 29th @USER hall tix on sale friday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	if your thoughts are turning towards christmas & you live in bucks , im giving a talk on dickens & christmas at amersham library , 15 dec .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this week is social media week and tomorrow the lga are hosting a tweeterthon which i will be taking part in . follow me at work #ourday
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos ready for the labor day weekend ? the singapore slingers tomorrow , ian moore saturday , del castillo sunday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	inbetweeners movie coming to cinemas in ireland on the 19th of august . i have never wanted to see a movie so bad !! #shouldbegood ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	guys ... april 27 ... @USER is coming to lexington . #going
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday fish fry and football with tressa ! #fffdate
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dunno , sky reporting it tonight , everton & bolton also interested according to twitter search
id1	id2	neutral	None	tired ! out for a meal in a bit , day off work tomorrow . then last day on friday ! derby ... : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going as scott peterson tomorrow and my brothers are going as sandusky and paterno . possibly the most insensitive party ever . no fucks .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if anyone wants to go to the duke game saturday with the kershaw county clemson club please inbox me !
id1	id2	neutral	None	so i found my vans beanie might take it tomorrow :p
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to facing ms. allysin kay this saturday in petrolia !! URL come check it out !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am going to @USER 1st and then to the london conference of critical thought URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER boom . take that austin . randi are you wearing your pink shirt tomorrow or dressing for america day ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you said it . im super proud of all my kids . oldest is in 2nd year bachelor of education . and still plays soccer . #proudmom
id1	id2	neutral	None	the emmys are the unwatched awards show : in february , the grammy awards show blew through the ... URL #entertainment #oc
id1	id2	neutral	None	henryville residents still waiting for help from the march tornados ... more @USER on 90.1 fm .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may allah grants us all our hrt desires n make us better prsns than the yrs before
id1	id2	neutral	None	look #steelers fans i know you may be upset about suisham missing that kick . just know that i heard a guy named billy cundiff is available .
id1	id2	positive	None	pm ready for reply on coal blocks : congress : new delhi , aug 22 ( ians ) with the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	what a comeback by the airasia ph patriots . down 15 late in 2nd & 9 after 3 , the pats won 90-84 over the singapore slingers
id1	id2	neutral	None	emmylou harris & @USER singing the maker to close the entire wrecking ball performance in nashville on wed . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mtsu receiver falls down and the pass is incomplete ... 4th down . mtsu to punt from midfield
id1	id2	positive	None	today was an awesome day but it is quite sad for me and my teammates :) . qian , yue , ying and jun :)
id1	id2	positive	None	im excited for riris 7th studio album unapologetic see the album cover : pic.twitter.com/75swc2pd
id1	id2	negative	None	everyone in isat needs a lesson in dressing professional . im skipping the walk down the hallway tomorrow . im embarrassed for you .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER he cut kevin and jacob , did he tell u theres practice tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wow , youre the reason why 2 topics trended worldwide today . someone ought to be a happy little owl bunny toniiight !
id1	id2	positive	None	could be one of the greatest nights of my life carmelo anthony winked & acknowledged me twice and sat 2 rows back at the knicks game ! #ca7
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good point ! ash wednesday isnt a day of obligation ? ive never missed one .
id1	id2	neutral	None	our founder @USER will be speaking at social media week ( #smwldn ) on friday . read about it : URL #smwfrienefits
id1	id2	neutral	None	nick watney hit a course-record 61 on sunday to take the cimb classic title : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	from our matrimony and vacations department - the wed em n spread em marriage and honeymoon combo . with daily party rafts to somalia !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER your mail monday with fps russia was such a tease lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to walmart n walgreens tomorrow and stacking up on all they candy !! think i may need a new toothbrush n dentist too lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st take talkin about the boys need a leader of men for head coach , which i agree on . lets just give ray lewis the coaching job lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	coming to dc : open acting workshop with tom todoroff on nov 14th #constantcontact URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going to tomorrow nights nz vs tonga game ? what colours will you be wearing ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	bayer leverkusen now up to 5th - level on points with borussia dortmund , one of the big winners this weekend - nine behind bayern ...
id1	id2	negative	None	i have an important race tomorrow , which determines if we make cif , and im sitting here eating donuts ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want <3 november 1 at lucky chinatown - cinema 1 - suddenly its magic - 1:00 pm , 3:30 pm , 5:40 pm , 7:45 pm , 10:00 pm
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER that dont matter its about what you tweeting lb & nene * 7th text *
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to my brother from another mother @USER in his fight tomorrow at #ufcengland on fuel tv here in the states . #warkingsbu #asu
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i debated it 1st , but now i totally agree , followed by poetic justice ..
id1	id2	positive	None	i brought up going to see switchfoot in austin on a school night to mom , and she was like okay , cool . dallas , too !... that was too easy .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol serious odd future fan
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was at the vatican when #pedrocalungsod was beatified by pope john paul ii last march 5 , 2000 & now after 12 years he is now canonized
id1	id2	negative	None	ask for lil wayne , get michael jackson . bug me about wiz khalifa , get guns & roses . the point of the night is to step outside the matrix ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont know why im just now realizing that fffest is tomorrow . someone ( besides @USER get on stage and dutty wine with santigold for me .
id1	id2	positive	None	sixteen candles down the drain : sunday inspiration post ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER saf : obviously , well make changes for wednesday . the squad that played against nufc will be in place again . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	ht : norwich 0-0 #spurs . weve edged the 1st half without creating any clear cut chances . bales had a couple of decent long range efforts .
id1	id2	negative	None	well , our playwright mel didnt make it to #dawnsearlylight today due to mtas incompetence . so i guess we gotta eat his birthday treats ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	real madrid have signed a seven-year-old argentine boy , a spokesman for the club confirmed on monday URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if fabregas doesnt goto barcelona this season he may never make his dream switch with alcantra already starting to seal his position #epl
id1	id2	positive	None	i may be a little more excited about this than soundwave ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER please entertain me tonight , its the final #raw leading into summerslam ! #respeckkk
id1	id2	positive	None	yay !!! we are front page on will ferrells funny or die for the 24th time ! check it out !... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER unfortunately not but i did get to tune in to saturday kitchen in the hotel .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone wanting roger sanchez tickets for v-club on the 19th of october get in touch i have coach and entry ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	before you make plans for this friday night , check out this event benefitting bolder options rochester . itll be ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah the big bangs are like , the second rarest l9s anyway , so ill get them , theyll be here on like , fri if i order them 2day
id1	id2	positive	None	the landlord from will ferrell . avi URL via @USER this will cure the monday blues . funny funny shit
id1	id2	neutral	None	im ready to see the jets play monday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i got 2 classes then im off going back to greensboro . im heading to ny tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	omg journey 2 : the mysterious island is on dvd monday ! i love that film !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i saw you at church sunday with tohse david ruffin glasses on fly :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy 22nd kendall !!! thank you for being part of big time rush and making me smile and giving me halloween costume ideas !
id1	id2	neutral	None	memorial day , presidents day , monday , any day seems to be the right day to see independence day on t.v.
id1	id2	negative	None	okay tomorrow is hell day . cant wait to get in my car and drive home as fast as humanly possible . call me danica patrick , if you must
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i just wonder how peter is the 1st pope when the romans crucified him 200 years before christianity was legalized in rome
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to the big sean concert tomorrow at the liacouras center ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	eight bookings for west ham ? eight ! that whirring sound you hear may be the late bobby moore etc etc ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER close early on thanksgiving eve . decorate like the dickens . thanksgiving day off ! boom . store all christmas for friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i love nz was there in feb have friends with vineyard which is useful !! in nelson lovely part of nz !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER taken sitting at the window of the st davids hotel cardiff bay when ian and i were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary .
id1	id2	negative	None	project x on a monday night ? fuck it
id1	id2	neutral	None	records on the line as world cup race resumes - fabio capellos russia face portugal in the pick of fridays 2014 fi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ive always liked the sun devils they have great representation on girls gone wild
id1	id2	neutral	None	timmonsville with a 26 yd throw . 1st down on the 1 yard line . trying to even the score @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the sun does not rise in the same constellation as your zodiac anymore . there has been a shift . astrology is a myth .
id1	id2	neutral	None	after todays bet came in im feeling confident with tomorrows bet : ath madrid , juve , napoli , bayern munich , porto #comeon
id1	id2	negative	None	gonna watch the rest of x factor tomorrow cause im so tired , i just keep crying every time they mention take that .
id1	id2	neutral	None	come novemember thru january dont open your mouth about nfl
id1	id2	neutral	None	 @USER @USER thats the title of her new album coming ???   yes , yes it is ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER too bad rodgers and gb did nothing through air after 1stq ! i hope tomorrow does good too , just not tony romo #spellcheckjoke
id1	id2	positive	None	pose of triumph !! jogged over the brooklyn bridge with my mom and sis @USER this morning . im so lucky . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i wish i have the ability to influence everyone to like rui en hahaa cmon shes so cute
id1	id2	neutral	None	#trayvon my daily tweet(s ) 10/17 and 10/18 in memory of trayvon martin - killed 236 days ago . ~ may you rest in peace ~ ( love to the family )
id1	id2	neutral	None	dwayne bravo and darren sammy will donate their match fees from the 3rd odi to the wife of runako morton ...!! #wi
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER back to az ? wont see you sunday then ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the painting project continues today and is to be completed on nov 10 and 17 . please join coni in partnering to give back to the community .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i hope melissa mccarthy gets an emmy tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	greenbrier & summers counties have just been placed under a winter storm watch for monday night through tuesday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant believe @USER is only 2 days older than me ! cant wait to see him again tomorrow with @USER at fort canning , singapore !!
id1	id2	positive	None	great mbb game - felt good to be back at the vadalabene center - great staff/promotions too ! wbb tomorrow - cant wait !! #siuenation
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings . excited is not the word . frustrated is the right one ...
id1	id2	positive	None	wohooo ! rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
id1	id2	neutral	None	torre calls for more respect as player feuds cross line : on saturday morning , torres ipad chimed with news of a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to 2nd annual kick-out hate kickball tournament on the soccer field right now !
id1	id2	neutral	None	as reported jason varitek is close to taking job with #redsox , may be special assistant to gm ben cherington . #redsoxnation
id1	id2	positive	None	just #watched dream high 2 episode 1 , ill watch it tomorrow for next episode :d ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	gonna go school supply shopping tonight , the only thing i have for school is my tony romo folder .. :)
id1	id2	negative	None	daily digit : exchanges lost $1 mln a day : oct 31 - nyse , nasdaq , and the cboe each lost about $1 million in trad ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we cant possibly say enough good things about both march fourth marching band and moon hooch linking up for ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hello my navy yard and coast guard friends . tomorrow we will be at truckeroo . from 11am to 11pm . @USER fairground on half st.
id1	id2	negative	None	remembering the good times with pavol demitra , i was there on this night ... deeply saddened by todays tragedy URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	gunna have a dank trim and maybe treat myself to a kfc tomorrow , get me in the mood for the weekend ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	still going on vaca ... : still going on vaca ... ( third column , 7th story , link)related stories : obama considers bec ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	auction auction auction ! ms miesha tate @USER will be fighting august 18th on sf ! dont you want to feel ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER he may be that , but obama spent $239 billion a day after getting uncle sams credit card in his hot little hands , so it all fits
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER son i saw a house last night was 1.9 mil behind hella trees that looked like the palace from aladdin no bullshit lol
id1	id2	positive	None	so ready for my birthday . (((: the big sixteen ! #sweetsixteen november 22 !
id1	id2	positive	None	bring the whole family for a weekend of sun , fun & healthy living at florida ... : taking place at jungle island ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the sun is out for presidents day ! today will be a good day , perfect way to finish the cricket season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	come meet members of the 1980 dawgs in athens this weekend at the red zone ! friday , 3pm - 6pm : coach vince ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	red wolves hoops picked to finish second in their sun belt division . i want to believe . i want to believe . i want to believe .
id1	id2	positive	None	dry by pj harvey is a brilliant record . i listened to the whole thing yesterday on a break from editing . #filmmaking URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mersey side derby tomorrow , who do you think will come out on top ? #behindthegoal
id1	id2	neutral	None	heavy rain over parts of ne . some showers in cny . any sun ? how about the weekend ? your forecast first at 4am on nbc-3 ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	spoiler alert !!! watch the teen choice awards on studio 23 this sunday , christina grimmie might be there . have a good weekend !
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER rt @USER nigeria play england in the round of 16 on wednesday 10th , at 11pm nigeria time #u20worldcup
id1	id2	positive	None	another #chelsea vs #manchesterunited today for the 4th round of the carling cup !! dont miss out
id1	id2	positive	None	$224.60 . not a bad payoff for a 2nd race trifecta at #delmar . check it out : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its november 1 so you know what that means . youll see valentines day stuff at walmart soon . #celebratetherightholiday
id1	id2	positive	None	at noon today , youll know why #youcount tune in to abs-cbn to see the 1st #tvc of the biggest & d brightest #bpo employer in ph #convergys
id1	id2	neutral	None	nigeria may parade a weakened team against ghana on tuesday as most of the first players are yet to secure uk entry visas
id1	id2	neutral	None	im just going to wrap myself in the jamaican flag for america day tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	thursday night football open thread - buccaneers vs . vikings : tonight , the tampa bay buccaneers will take on the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rui en should be 1st lead . confirm . she is good eh . i like her scene with her niece and yangyang . chemistry damn good .
id1	id2	positive	None	rondo should be glad the all-star game isnt hosted in dc with those galaxy foams on .
id1	id2	negative	None	2nd most dangerous beach in the world gansbaai , south africa this part of the world is great white territory . a ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	not wearing make up to dublin tomorrow until im getting ready for the party . help .
id1	id2	neutral	None	3rd question : ( time 3 minutes ) what is the state flower of haryana ? a . lotus b . rhododendron c . golden shower d . not declared
id1	id2	positive	None	big day tomorrow . its donut friday , @USER is buying . first day of practice and mitts rally .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL haye : vitali deal signed : david haye still expects a fight with vita ... URL click-1st-link ! 2win
id1	id2	positive	None	captain darren sammy just announced windies will be playing for runako morton during 3rd odi . tribute a great team man and brother
id1	id2	neutral	None	monta ellis : we can be between the 4th and the 6th place in the east
id1	id2	neutral	None	i still havent started tidying my room and im just sat on the floor watching project x lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	so whos seeing peacock and gamble tomorrow who can get me a ticket because i havent got a card . i have the money , ill give it to you there
id1	id2	neutral	None	snsds tiffany , cnblues yonghwa and b2sts kikwang mcs for the sbs k-pop super concert nov 10 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#nw b2sts 3rd anniversary live stream with subs yay ~
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER at the bootleg the last weekend of september . next thursday whatre you up to ? white arrows at the echo
id1	id2	positive	None	URL vote for ut for college game day visiting . we are 10th and texas a&m is #1 . get on it
id1	id2	neutral	None	on 1 nov : the duke of kent - president , will attend the mersey weaver district scout council presentation ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	omg . ricky martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man .
id1	id2	positive	None	well , settled in to the next temporary residence . i have some very nice coworkers . going to check out long beach and the apt tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is going to be an easy day . just show my bib cards for eng which will be like 25 mins since im last then get my test back in math
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL doug wead interviewed live tonight , wed , 10pm edt we have link and other video please retweet #ronpaul #ronpaul2012
id1	id2	positive	None	news : plan b confirms february uk tour with support from labrinth and rudimental ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	4 minutes into 2nd quarter and mid-prairie in the red zone of west liberty ready to strike again . #iahsfb #kcrgfnl
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiger woods former caddie steve williams made about $ 140,000 for his work with adam scott today . tiger woods new caddie made $ 5,800 #golf
id1	id2	negative	None	finally saw the galaxy foams in person on saturday ... lets just say <<< smmfh ugly ass shoes !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yea , i just been in iss ill be back tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	evening grace patriots ! god bless & restore r great country , r people , r vets , r men & women in uniform , & the nations of israel & japan !
id1	id2	positive	None	damn . i would totally buy the sun for this . @USER future of news again : free hawkeye lego with murdochs sun URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mark your calendars ! woodys tonight ( newport beach ) friday at sevilla ( long beach ) #fb URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	eskoms #entrepreneurship #education simama ranta 9 provincial winning schools exhibit at coca-cola dome 13 - 16 september . see you there
id1	id2	neutral	None	tmr is saturday . tmr is duels official bars and bloodshed rap battle ! to whoevers down , i shall see you there . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER much of last season , too , esp 2nd half . tho i loved jack white , and mick jagger with arcade fire / foo fighters was amazing .
id1	id2	neutral	None	see john lloyd cruz & angel locsin at the unofficially yours la premiere on feb 24 . for tix visit URL or call 818-243-2539
id1	id2	positive	None	glad tomorrow is my last day at the skate center . working one day a week is a joke ! lol . #gottafindanewjob
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER dont do it ! he wont respect you ! rt @USER boehner asks obama to move speech to thursday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	check out the performance these brave youngsters did one saturday morning at sylvia park . this is truly a great ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i will not be able to handle harrys voice in kiss you .. and i may not survive after hearing all the songs on take me home in their entirety .
id1	id2	positive	None	finally watching last weeks true blood , ready for the new episode tonight . how is everyone else this morning ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow ?? who promised you tomorrow ?? give yourself to the lord today !! the winans .
id1	id2	positive	None	going to go watch the lorax ... then off to bed :p #goodnight class starts tomorrow :o
id1	id2	neutral	None	french president francois hollande is due to hold talks on monday with the heads of the world bank and other top economic bodies .
id1	id2	positive	None	if you love to dance i hope to see you supporting this event . saturday . all info on the flyer ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yep turner house ! i wont know my roommate til the aug 8 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	yes ! rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
id1	id2	neutral	None	not to be overlooked by sandy , a summery mid-upper 70s with sunshine today in cny . record high of 79 set in buffalo . more warmth friday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ill be at lax tomorrow . if youre still there ill bring in n out
id1	id2	positive	None	im not going on holiday until the 25th because me and my dad wanted to watch the inbetweeners movie when it came out lol :) - georgia
id1	id2	neutral	None	tuesday my bd n i going up to malcolm x to register him in school !
id1	id2	positive	None	my friend @USER is selling tickets for the jonas brothers concert @USER canning on monday @USER thats half price ! rt !
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to go to a haunted house with me on friday only 12$ with college id !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	so whos gonna go to the uab v . florida game on september 10th ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think i may have avocado , with lemon on toast soon .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going for all saints day mass tomorrow at hf ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 7-yr old real madrid signed isnt just an advanced passer . kid can pee standing up at a 9th grade level : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#nba the brooklyn nets opener vs . the new york knicks is postponed . it was originally scheduled for thursday evening .
id1	id2	positive	None	well we are very busy !!! im just too excited for tomorrow ! cebu here we go !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is she on the peoples choice ballot ? ive only looked at castle categories . but may have to venture out ...
id1	id2	positive	None	attn : friends and fans ! come join me at birdys thursday night @USER for a night of acoustic music !! would love the support ! hope to see u !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lmao how old are you ? club bodi should be live on sunday , its 18+ tho
id1	id2	positive	None	#factsaboutme when i was born . on that day , it was the 2nd day of chinese new year . immediately , i gotten lots of redpacket :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	cliff avril on whether he would have been healthy to play on sunday ( lions on bye ): i would have played .
id1	id2	neutral	None	may 14th the riot starts . rt @USER check out bill carters piece in the @USER : prime-time stern URL @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	after losing 2 last week , today the gop is trying to win 2 senate seats in wisconsin by recalling 2 democrats . it looks like theyll fail
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh yea cause your abiee and you dont need to study cause youre a real nigguh
id1	id2	positive	None	off to bed , theres only one kenny miller . well done you lions , well done my 3rd team pompey
id1	id2	neutral	None	endymion for the 4th time i blieve .! ahaha #teamorjan #clhrday
id1	id2	negative	None	dematha was shocked by gonzaga on saturday . can the stags regroup in time for the wcac playoffs ? #mdpreps URL
id1	id2	negative	None	4th floor cypress you dont half see some funny looking dress sense #spanish
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited to be at the bold manor with @USER team , preparing for bolder arrival on sunday ! pic.twitter.com/kbhulqgi ( via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i will be performing at the dc star on september 1st hope yall can come thru ! pic.twitter.com/uxzjcsul
id1	id2	positive	None	calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season ! cant wait to get some early racing done #altitude #paceit
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER just noticed you using the spanish abbreviation no sure , no ? think youre missing rafa , mon brave
id1	id2	neutral	None	nooo just seen the fa cup 3rd round is the day i go skiing #peak
id1	id2	neutral	None	just checking in to see if i had a nightmare last night about the dwts cast or not . @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	day 3 in the big brother house and its ingleton waterfalls trail today , promises some amazing scenery !
id1	id2	positive	None	excited to hang out with rae & laurin tomorrow . :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	natalies visitation is at 3-7 tomorrow at zeimers east on hebron , the funeral is at 10 at holy rosary on saturday . msg me if you have ? s
id1	id2	positive	None	save the date : 11/14 , @USER weve got some surprises coming your way ! info on monday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may have meat loaf and ted nugent , but @USER is rolling with @USER tonight ! nuff said ! #stateofloveandtrust #edshow
id1	id2	positive	None	i think im going to watch the artist for the 5th time in 2 weeks 2nite before i got to sleep . <3 jean dujardin & his charming smile :d haha
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im gonna be in monroe like all day sat ! haha
id1	id2	positive	None	awesome response guys ! the correct answer is : sam gagner and brendan smith . all of you will be put into the draw this coming thursday ! #jt
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER honda classic tomorrow , calling it now , tiger and rory coming down to the wire
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER how close do you think the us sen race in mass will be between sen. scott brown & elizabeth warren on nov 6th ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	bozo porno circus with ebm dollz live october 27 in san antonio at backstage live ! URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	im late but , i just watched good deeds for the 1st time . awesome movie ! cried thru most of it . turned 30 and got sensitive as hell .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the isba is hosting a professional lunch tomorrow with attorneys from romannucci blandin , ccsao , & ungaretti harris . check the record !
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday dinner , mersey side derby and man u chelsea . decent day ahead
id1	id2	neutral	None	us president wannabe rick santorum won the louisiana primary on saturday - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy 20th birthday nick j ! hope its one of the best ! youve accomplished so much already ... and so much more to come . love you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	last licks for the #redsox , coming up in the top of the 9th . volare by the gipsy kings means its frieri time .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning ... wonder who needs to hear it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	totally curious with dream high 2 .. wanna watch this drama asap ! wanna compare it with the 1st one .. still theres a looong holiday ( y )
id1	id2	negative	None	lack of communication from #nycdoe very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow . thank you #uft and @USER for info
id1	id2	positive	None	hello everybody !!! how are you today ? have a beautiful green day !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	i may be a little too optimistic but i think the browns vex themselves of the baltimore curse and beat the ravens . maybe its just me lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	3:35 saturday night in okinawa ... lets call it a night . lights out .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gbu pm ready for reply on coal blocks : congress : new delhi , aug 22 ( ians ) with the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	comedy central made my night tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	please please follow me thank u for come to mexico the 30 september i love u so much : $ #nsn : bbb <3
id1	id2	negative	None	i tried to get into breakout kings . shit redundant after like the 5th episode lol . no wonder it got cancelled .
id1	id2	neutral	None	meg ryan : they dont make sunday underpants . billy crystal : why ? mr : because of god . bc : * blank stare * #whenharrymetsally
id1	id2	neutral	None	brook lopez gets a short shot +1 , #brooklynnets lead 71-56 w/ 4:20 to play in the 3rd quarter . #hellobrooklyn
id1	id2	positive	None	fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door . and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	ta : lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow : starting tomorrow owners of the lg ... URL #android
id1	id2	negative	None	big brother tonight & x factor on saturday ? may have to cut my ears off & spoon my eyes out this afternoon then . is there a braille twitter ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum : sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a stake in c ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	whitecaps vs the mighty robbie keane and la galaxy this thursday , 7:30 . fuck training , hitting up @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	the boys are hot !! #streakin big win tonight lets do er again tomorrow ! #keepitrollin
id1	id2	neutral	None	r @USER call the hospital in iqaluit & press 2 for english . every cdn should experience hearing an aboriginal language as 1st choice
id1	id2	neutral	None	us football down 7-3 at chardon tonight after 1st q
id1	id2	positive	None	bolton away tomorrow ! hope @USER gets a game ... after his quality pre-season . up the blues ! @USER <3
id1	id2	negative	None	worse thing about saturday morning tv ! the omelette challenge - pointless and annoying tv , even james martin looks bored !
id1	id2	negative	None	sad i didnt see @USER today . do work in nebraska man ill see you when you get back !
id1	id2	positive	None	love taking a youtube break next day hd tv will be here and saturday will be a beast vid
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tottenham boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for #shaktars willian . #thfc #epl
id1	id2	positive	None	ted nugent said it best when he was recently asked : what is americas single worst problem ? apathy . id argue ignorance is a very close 2nd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER nigga im stoned i just got back from a blunt ride thur boxford nd georgetown @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	excited to go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	nikon prostaff , cant wait to get it on and shoot tomorrow ! pic.twitter.com/9z3dqmhu
id1	id2	neutral	None	preparing a saturday roast , meanwhile rick stein criticises modern film on the telly . the world has gone slightly backwards .
id1	id2	positive	None	west ham have scored eight times in andy carrolls three starts . he may not be scoring yet , but hes making it easier for others to score .
id1	id2	positive	None	#hot30sgo1denticket may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER do you mean you come here or me go to you ? i can only afford to go out 1 night cause im going to amsterdam on monday x
id1	id2	negative	None	protest march in mexico city against drug war . i want justice for my murdered son #drugs #cannabis @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if its true that vitali klitschko has retired then arreola & amp ; stiverne are ranked 1st and ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	cant watch rafas ill be back video til the end , its too heartbreaking :( plus it just reminded me he was up 5/1 in ao 5th set ...
id1	id2	positive	None	world music festival returns -- free but smaller : the good news : all events at the 14th annual world music festi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mike dean will be the referee for the london derby game tomorrow . chelsea without john terry and martin atkinson might struggle . #coys
id1	id2	neutral	None	verlanders strikeout of mitch maier in 6th inn . at kc is the 1,151 st of his tigers career , moving into 9th place all-time in club history .
id1	id2	negative	None	george zimmerman is not going to win this trial he may as well plead guilty
id1	id2	positive	None	scorcher fest returns to the duke again for a huge day of live music ! this years record 180 acts ! sunday 18th ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	he want the country divided as filthy rich or dirt poor ! and everybody on my tl gone be in the 2nd category !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER it was okay . still no new friends . if you come joseph wright come to my form i know no one . im a loner . no friends .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER im going to the arsenal ladies v everton tonight , im nervous already . #fawsl
id1	id2	positive	None	wooohooo channel 4 is playing the film four lions on sunday at 9pm , everyone should watch such a funny film !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER klub ace !!! klub ace !!! this saturday !!! $5 with ur college id til 11:30
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did you tell rio in the weeks before rudd was knifed there would be no mining tax introduced in the may 10 budget ?
id1	id2	positive	None	a win for either metronomy , everything everything or pj harvey would be a satisfactory outcome for tonights mercury awards .
id1	id2	positive	None	good to see flacco showing some fight in the 2nd half . thats about all i can ask for at this point .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ally mccoist has told the sunday mail he hopes rangers can adopt a youth development model similar to porto , ajax and psv
id1	id2	negative	None	bjp doing drama to hide facts , says minister - the government tuesday accused the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER do you know roman abramovich is the 3rd richest man in britian ? #interestingfactoftheday #interestinggilfriend
id1	id2	positive	None	carlos marin on fb 16 september 2012 thanks you salzburg for such beautiful il divo concert yesterday xxx gracias ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	french montana live @USER star this saturday #labordaywkend s/o @USER @USER check it out >> URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if got a pimple the size of jupiters 12th moon on my forehead ! fml !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER after tonight colts fans are going to say manning is john beck like .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see my mamis @USER and @USER damn might just hurt the streets of raleigh tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	morning tweeps ! im going to milan today ! yaay
id1	id2	positive	None	starts friday night irving plaza nyc me and @USER touring with chiodos <- stoked
id1	id2	positive	None	procter isnt even here yet for my sat room and everyone else is about to start ... how awesome is that ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	petrolia art in the park is tomorrow and saturday ! we will be set up in front of mercantile co . on petrolia line across from the park !
id1	id2	neutral	None	winter storm watch in effect for parts of the mountains- including asheville- from monday morning to late tuesday . #avl #wnc #sandy
id1	id2	neutral	None	state tv : requests 2 join israel gas deal trial to the one today under judge ahmed refaat . next well add amanda knox trial to refaats !
id1	id2	positive	None	we should donate it to arsenal .. they aint winning anythng ! rt @USER 19th community shield(yeah still silverware )
id1	id2	neutral	None	nba league pass is free until the 7th !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	romeo santos gonna have something in the theatres november 5 ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	milk chocolate day is tomorrow . are you ready to celebrate !?
id1	id2	neutral	None	3 by on the roof at sjp ... face off clinic back on for 12 pm - 1 pm at cabrini this sunday pic.twitter.com/gysejng7
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ill be in poland but back sunday eve , catch you then !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yep , wanted to limit it to 1 tweet ! :) impressive palmares . while im here , stages in tirreno , vuelta , paris-nice , suisse , 4th roubaix
id1	id2	neutral	None	if the deal between sabres/oilers is gagner and a 3rd for sekera and adam . i would think the deal would be done tomorrow , no reason to wait .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER in london for boro match saturday ... let me know what night youre out ... friday may suit me better like if optional
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have to finish reading paterno by tomorrow so i can watch football sunday and monday and prepare for the #nba2k13 release #120pagesleft
id1	id2	negative	None	parker , leonard steal okcs thunder : ninety minutes before tipoff thursday night at the at&t center , oklahoma ci ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	win or lose im proud to be a blue today , thanks to my extremely funny grandad & my sensitive , caring dad . miss you both loads . xx
id1	id2	negative	None	this sunday new york giants are going down . #steelers
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well im currently on holiday in portugal coming home tomorrow then going to poland on tuesday for a holocaust memorial trip !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i heard baggage claim yesterday in nebraska !! ready to get it on itunes !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	i have 2 passes for looper in pico rivera on thursday . message or text me if you want them .
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to girls tennis as the take on south torrance today on 1st round cif ! #golions2012
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for skyfall 1st of nov ! is listening to the ost on spotify considered a spoiler ? i =p #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	all aboard ... 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there .. #tweet_yah_later
id1	id2	positive	None	even though we just play troy this saturday , i still cant wait to watch tennessee play ! #truevolfan #gobigorange
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL check out the box art for tomb raider : what do we think ? the new tomb raider is out march 5 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sold out tonight !! charlie sheens cake party !! marco hanna live with dudu sax !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	#friday love that movie , kinda awkward watching it on thursday tho ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	cheers lads everton is third today ... oops im reading the league table upside down !
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks for everyone who came out for day 2 of world music festival ! well see you tomorrow at 10am for a global grooves dance party
id1	id2	positive	None	derby tomorrow night with my girls @USER and @USER off to sleep now #night twitter < 3
id1	id2	negative	None	too soon ? amazon opens black friday deals store : thanksgiving is weeks away , the world series only ended on sund ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER pretty excited for #sbucheerleaders to come to the liacouras center in january ...
id1	id2	negative	None	activists demand release of jharkhand tribal leader : new delhi , nov 1 ( ians ) condemning the arrest of woman trib ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the grey and yellow gold wedding puzzle is now up with the first piece being a unique two-tone dress by @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i dont want a love like jonny and june , i want a love like blake and miranda .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anonymous asked : beard tweetd that intense message at m on tuesday abit after the halloween partys and she ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	they stop filming the butler tomorrow . and i still havent found alan rickman !!! -explanation- hes been filming that movie here in la
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER r yall going to be in dallas friday & saturday ?
id1	id2	negative	None	mommy said i have to go to maxwell monday , lmfaooo the fuck i dont
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	so ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to chapel hill to support my favorite #wuwbb ladies @USER & @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 8/8 account using your bb device , you may want to follow @USER for updates and additional support from rim .
id1	id2	neutral	None	core 6 athletes 2012 winter banquet december 5th 6:30 pm . top prospects and college coaches from the b1g , sec , big 12 , mac and mvc . #compete
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well ... that should be addressed to #p2 since they may understand dr. seuss ... emphasis on the term may :)
id1	id2	positive	None	i watched sarah g live again , i noticed @USER end na may disiplina talaga ang mga @USER nag-aantayan sila ng turn to go to sg . luv it
id1	id2	neutral	None	<3<3 nipples >=) the elite after olympics party is the place to be saturday oct 27 @USER place !
id1	id2	neutral	None	a place in the sun . presenter : orange and lemon trees too person : thats our breakfast ! what the ? who has oranges and lemons for breakfast ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	weekend pressure at tpc sawgrass ? look no further than harris english - 12 shot swing in a day - goes from 67 fri to 79 sat
id1	id2	negative	None	rdm seriously believes last night proves sundays defeat was unjust ? if anything , im surprised our first xi didnt twat you on sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	no worries its goin down friday night club visions .! greensboro nc .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight is family night at the chick fil a on sparkleberry and clemson . get your face painted and a free kids meal . 6-8pm
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 1win from the superbowl ! game tomorrow at noon ! git r done ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	internship website launched in nebraska : nebraska governor dave heineman today announced the launch of a new web ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	noel gallaghers hfb and kopparberg make for a damn near perfect saturday evening . it could only be 100% perfect if i was at a noel gig .
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for tomorrows photo session with indhi fashion design studio at theloniousstudios URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	road trip ( sort of ) with my boyfriend this monday from pottstown , pa , to hanover , pa , to chambersburg , pa , then ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER there was no handshake abigayle ? also when i come in tomorrow i expect my new schuh tee you ordered to be there ... good girl
id1	id2	positive	None	she call me baby , i call her bae , sorry 4 the wait , carter iv on the way ! august 29th . helll yeahhh ! (;
id1	id2	neutral	None	#loanwatch : ben amos ( hull city ) into extra time 1-1 , in the 1st round of the league cup .
id1	id2	negative	None	attn : runway class for tonight nov 1st is cancelled . sorry for the inconvenience . it will be rescheduled for next ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rampage forward greg rallo ties the game at 2-2 at 4:25 of the 2nd period . howden and shore with the assists .
id1	id2	positive	None	home now and i am sacked out with my puppy on my couch on the afternoon sun after a long thursday ... douglas adams was a genius #hhgttg
id1	id2	neutral	None	light up a life w/b on sun , nov 18 at hospice of the valley in phoenix az URL #pinterest #grief
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am the only cab at 4th and colorado .. am i in the twilight zone ? better break my glasses to be sure !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i dreamt i sat with @USER at a star wars event , eating @USER lamb 86 , watching james lipton interview ralph mcquarrie .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi there . counting down the days until im back in uk and going to see lfc - nufc on sunday from my season ticket seat in the kop !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER your review reminded me i still need 2 read the very 1st percy jackson book ! heroes of olympus is an offshoot series from it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	( reuters ) - the season opener between the new york knicks and brooklyn nets set for thursday at the barclays cen ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ima order some tickets for the senior bowl in january
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday ... i need sleeping pills ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER a decade later and still the lebron x blue diamond available in select stores tomorrow . pic.twitter.com/p22efjm6 these ! >>>
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully watching the lorax will get my mind off tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	just 5 days left for the e ! red carpet live jewelry fashion show ! saturday , november 4 . rsvp seating is limited !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im not mexican on cinco de mayo , im not black in feb & im not chinese on the chinese new year so youre not irish on st. patricks day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	for those who havent heard , lady gaga has attended britney spears femme fatale tour tonight ! godgalovesgodney
id1	id2	negative	None	harry redknapp tells espn that rumours he has an interview with blackburn on tuesday are wide of the mark : no chance , i am playing golf !
id1	id2	negative	None	people getting off caltrain at 4th and king for the #sfgiants parade are already pretty wasted ... at least they didnt drive in i guess .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a reminder to all hong kong optimist sailors : you must pre-book your prizegiving curry buffet for sunday . deadline ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	it will be some scene at the nyse and nasdaq sites tomorrow morning when trading resumes . the story : how people get to both places .
id1	id2	positive	None	lil sis just got lead part in aladdin . she is 6 and has to learn 101 pages before friday . ( shes aladdin , this is so typical of her ! )
id1	id2	positive	None	about india : auto production may end fy13 with 6% growth : cmie - mumbai : automobile production , which took a ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER next wednesday going to the disney one . no chance avril will go to the universal night #wimp
id1	id2	neutral	None	cmon @USER you know the bca is a budget , and stronger than a resolution . its a law . #ohsen
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hulk , would you be interesting in coming on my show on espn 1040 tampa bay one sunday to chat ?
id1	id2	positive	None	all of the real democrats won their respective races & will move on 2 face the 6 recalled republican state senators on august 9 #yeswecan
id1	id2	positive	None	bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings . excited is not the word .
id1	id2	neutral	None	review : black friday 2012 maxxima mln-10 led night light with sensor ( pack of 4 ): find , shop , see reviews , bu ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER this kid from work is going to belgium for tomorrow land
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks to the presidents support , im on track to become the 1st college grad in my small business owning family .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes , the dallas event did . remind me to send you a link tomorrow . it was on 10:00 news too . our ft worth event had none tho .
id1	id2	negative	None	if you are a family member , friend , or fan of austin rivers you may want to unfollow me . this is about to get ugly .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL todays al-ien #nascar person of the day is friday hassler- died in a crash 1st daytona 500 qualifying race in 72
id1	id2	neutral	None	nuggets at 76ers : 2nd half thread : leave your comments here as the nuggets finish out the second half against th ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER dear followers , all im gonna do is tell jokes and make fun of republicans tonight . its how i cope . youve been warned !
id1	id2	positive	None	in honor and remembrance of tom hagedorn light the night and support womens soccer tomorrow at 7pm as they take on gonzaga . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	come to the club monday night ! hope to see you there ! open mic night 6:30 - 9 pm at iguana located at 240 w 54 st , nyc URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ill stop loving jennette on the 31st feb . february has only 28 days so it doesnt count . <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what do you think is happening at everton then mick after todays speech by bill ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER :( for what its worth , i thought the finder was a funny , clever show . sad it didnt even get a 2nd season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	article 54 : a bro is required to go out with his bros on official bro holidays ; halloween , new years eve , and desperation day ( february 13 )
id1	id2	positive	None	come out and have some laughs with me , spartacus , and max at carolines comedy club this wednesday october 24th !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i did , the other new is in today , northern lights ... i get payed tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	please believe on sept 9th i will be in the theater watching kevin harts new movie ...
id1	id2	positive	None	feb 13th at the bell center , bon jovi is back in mtl . just in time for my birthday , im just saying :p
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol you mean pronounce it ? idk either .. hmm ... i like to say it like hair-may or hair-mess lmfao idk okay . xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to the berkmar game tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	... bit of lightning ? he may have been the boss of olympus but poseidon controls the majority of weather phenomenon , also ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER did dani get the results she wanted ? good luck tonight v everton , cmon the gooner girls
id1	id2	neutral	None	#housemusic #fun jason vernau live @USER nightclub miami february 25th 2012 : jason vernau is back with some ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just added a google+ hangout to the schedule -- see you on november 21 ?! details here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	capello : ill tweak lineup for azerbaijan game : coach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the russian lineup ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got bel ami from the redbox ... so that is what i will watching tonight , or tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER truth is like the sun . you can shut it out for a time , but it aint goin away ., elvis presley
id1	id2	positive	None	like a good neighbor state farm is there , with an alarm clock thatll actually wake me up tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ha ! dont panic on all-star game just yet . could be still in play . tomorrow is the day to worry about that .
id1	id2	positive	None	asia stocks mostly up on us , china data : asian stock markets advanced friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the u.s. and chi ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	just rode across the brooklyn bridge on a bike . what are you doing with your saturday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	all my coworkers go to brookwood . thats the only reason i may go to the game !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER - ever hear tamias live cover of the winans tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was just talking 2dan . he said they use 2close the wharf in monterey when michael jackson was there at night . he was in monterey 1s a month
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i cant even try now cuz it closed at 10pm .. funny though maria said u guys may go away that week ? i had asked if she wanted to go
id1	id2	neutral	None	during nap time i will : watch the end of hart of dixie , set up activity corner for tomorrow , & study more genetics stuff . #hotdiggitydog
id1	id2	positive	None	my gosh ! nandito ako na nia 3 ang guess what ? andito si mon tulfo !! lolokohin ko nga ! hahaha #annabelleenglish101 i shall play with him !
id1	id2	neutral	None	how lillian bassman images pair against the jason wu spring/summer 2013 runway show URL #photography #art #design #fashion
id1	id2	positive	None	look forward to watching alex reid on celebrity juice at 10pm on itv2 tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i curious to know how many of you will be tweeting #churchflow on sunday after the nfl season starts
id1	id2	negative	None	art @USER do you think nyc should host the marathon sunday ?.. why would they when sooo many desperately need help , where is respect
id1	id2	negative	None	1st time i drove stick ever i kinda lied to the salesman at ab honda that i can drive standard and took the 5 speed manual for a #testdrive
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER we have the new laptop for skyping ! we fly to ireland wednesday morning , perhaps we can skype before then ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is the 2nd time ive seen a niqqa wear galaxy foams
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER for sure . tough lovers are playig dickens on the 8th if youd like to join me .
id1	id2	positive	None	last chance to see silent house with drinks and a tour of the london tombs tomorrow night ! enter now : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	scoop ! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy-band blake on may 24th at epsom playhouse ! yoohoo how cool is that !
id1	id2	neutral	None	alesana and miss may i at the house of blues tonight ? dont mind if i dooo .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER whatever plans you may have with your family , have a beautiful weekend , ying ! #ff
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER id watch cougar town over this any day ! january 8 on tbs . very funny . #firedooley
id1	id2	positive	None	yall know that one boy that makes it seem like he won 1st place in the kentucky derby whenever he gets a good grade . yeah . we have that now
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER bro i love the new song poetic justice youre doing great things . may god bless
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tomorrow night if u in milwaukee stop thru club pulse and check us out ... across the street from the bradley center
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER son ... i left them so open . i got em hot and said u can hear the rest of that poem on nov 11th at santos party house lmao
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg bullet for my valentine are going to be on radio 1 on monday night
id1	id2	positive	None	sorta lucky joe doesnt have twitter , but seriously , when he sees me on sunday morning hell probably leave me alone
id1	id2	neutral	None	he smokes weed rt @USER :o rt @USER baltimore sun >> ravens agree to deal with ricky williams URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	thursday night adventures ... @USER bowl for maya rudolph performing the music of prince and ? uestlove to follow ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ru showing the all blacks v tonga game friday nite ? with the sound up ? definitely not showing the league , right ? #rwc2011
id1	id2	neutral	None	persona 4 golden will arrive in north america for the playstation vita on november 20 . publisher atlus also noted in todays announc ...
id1	id2	positive	None	im exited about friday ! no offense but who is tonga ? nz cant just make up names and countries . play fair .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#mentiondateiwillneverforget .. the saturday of the strawberry festival , which i think was 6/17/12
id1	id2	positive	None	long weekend kicked off tomorrow with jack white . heebie jeebies
id1	id2	positive	None	i cant wait to here this negros explanation about monday night !!! smh un huh trust issues
id1	id2	positive	None	hey #gh fans , we all must support @USER in the upcoming season of #dwts , premiering tomorrow night !! the pride of port charles !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you are the same age as mick jagger than may i say you
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i fly that saturday the 15th from detroit to amsterdam then up to newcastle
id1	id2	neutral	None	as confirmed on tonights episode of monday night raw , cm punk and wwe legend mick foley will both captain teams heading
id1	id2	positive	None	after that , ill start plugging mine and @USER live tweet of the new fox show terra nova on september 26 . #maybewewillgetfreestuff
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hello , eleanor . will you please follow my account @USER for my birthday on the 14th ? please , you wont regret it .
id1	id2	positive	None	may 27 it goin down me , @USER and @USER throwing a graduation party ! at mardis gras 4275 winchester rd suite 6 pm until 12 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiger woods draws crowd of fans on practice day at honda classic : hold on , bobby , tuesday was a school day . why ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fb : three runs do the trick for mtsu and they are out to their own 33-yard line . 1st and 10
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow our opportunity to love continues @USER boys & girls club ( 123 jefferson ) . meet us there at 10am , w/ boots and gloves if possible .
id1	id2	neutral	None	* chandigarh is the capital of the two states of panjab and haryana . * march 23 -world meteorological day . * march 21- world forestry day .
id1	id2	positive	None	the orange county armenian festival is going on today and tomorrow 15 & 16 in laguna hills . come and enjoy a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just saw the today show with 98 degrees from friday ... jeff timmons got so hot ... bring back all the boy bands . #nsyncforlife
id1	id2	neutral	None	top 5 upcoming games for the playstation vita : after a slow start back in march , the playstation vita has ... URL - n4g
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited ! halloween , ian anderson w/my mom at the fox theatre on saturday , and then election day , in which i will be a nervous wreck , lol !
id1	id2	positive	None	a draw in the north london derby would be nice today . as the gap the yids have on us is not impossible to close down & we would remain 4th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	yeaaa its goin down this sunday @USER 2 !!! come & help yah girl tressa celebrate her 26th bday !!! your already know what time it is !!! ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i worked at chesters , & the george was our 2nd home , we loved it . ill certainly be back ! :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i love you ! #thatisall its me camilla parker bowles remember ? lol see you monday i hope ! * fingers crossed * xxx
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im awake ! i love the cover of the new tomb raider ! cant wait till march 5th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well by the sounds of it we may be adding gagner too . where are these guys all going to fit in ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER lhh girl .. she may be cool . uhm i want to go to tennessee state . i dont want a roommate . dont even wanna chance it . wbu ?
id1	id2	negative	None	i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle , and christmas trending on november 1st ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER then i will refrain from telling you about my plan to watch mysterious island with my son tomorrow night . ( hes 6 )
id1	id2	neutral	None	if i do get the pjob in bristol at espn all yall gotta come party with me before i leave . i would let yall know asap . and the night before
id1	id2	neutral	None	jeremy lin may have a lil chinese wiener , but he still gets #hard4harden
id1	id2	neutral	None	ferry corsten vs armin van buuren - brute ( armins illegal drum edit ) cmon make some noise !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER and @USER open tonight for nuit blanche !
id1	id2	neutral	None	leonel angel coira signed with real madrid and will begin training september 6th , he is 7 . i need to get pax some cleats .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks i am ! :) i saw the hollywood sign today !!! and in disney i got to meet a really hot aladdin lol :)
id1	id2	positive	None	we are here @USER for our 12th anniversary celebration . you still have time to make it - 6620 s . king dr
id1	id2	neutral	None	#livewire nadal confirmed for mexican open in february : rafael nadal is set to play at the me ... URL #livewireathletics
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER were going to ricks cafe on thursday ! or come here anyday !
id1	id2	positive	None	star wishes all the #students at @USER a #stressfree time registering for classes . may sage be with you @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	gartner : windows 7 on 94 percent of new pcs : by steven mostyn - aug 10 2011 , 07:48 google may one day seek to sh ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on thursday over fifty countries and international organisations will come together for the london conference on ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	now watching ncaa finals game 3 in tv5 ! may the best team win !
id1	id2	negative	None	watching my favourite @USER behind the scenes ( for the 4th time ) when jennifer hudson goes awol . excuse me , what the hell is going on ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	billy said hes pitching at the rising stars on saturday and playing centerfield . #bugsbunnystyle
id1	id2	neutral	None	fashion against aids collection by h&m is hitting the stores on thursday , and weve already made our top10 selection URL @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	gareth bale has warned his side not to take norwich city lightly as the two sides prepare to battle in the capital one cup on wednesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited about the opportunity to go listen to @USER speak in knoxville , tn tomorrow night !! looking forward to learning ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	well , monsoon coming in from the north and the bomb squad down in midtown on the 15th . time to go .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER woody are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia cause the last one was hilarious that was by far my fav #genius
id1	id2	neutral	None	awaiting update on mikel leshoures injury . but so far , wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standi ...
id1	id2	positive	None	can channing tatum be a stripper again just for me on my 18th birthday ?! ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sat next to sanchez in the nou camp before the wycombe game . he didnt like being laughed at when we said he was taking the ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	nta viewers 7:00 am on other tues 10,000 the viewers on this tues 7:00 50,000
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what you up to man ? did you go see rise of the planet of the apes last night ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i find it ironic that i almost certainly would not be a yankees fan today if i hadnt gone to college near boston #randomlatenightthoughts
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy valentines day my love .. november is coming <3
id1	id2	positive	None	i saw a photo of aaron rodgers with some awesome scruff going on today . did i mention he was at the white house today ? iz cool .
id1	id2	negative	None	and also , havent been able to check and cba updates since sunday . if anyone hears any news , please pass it along to me . thanks !
id1	id2	positive	None	mnf tonight ! lets go sexy rexy !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january #footballfanatic
id1	id2	positive	None	i have to start packing tomorrow for auburn just so i wont forget anything saturday morning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	no match for kmw reserves this saturday , believe 2 of the younger members are daft enough to be going to the valley instead #ohdear
id1	id2	negative	None	i feel do bad .. my boo asia bday event maybe cancelled for this sunday !... i was sooo looking forward to it
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday get on the ropes with james murphy . yogacity nyc | yoga , meditation , pranayama & kirtan events in new york city URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rare , 300kg meteorite discovered in poland , biggest in eastern europe and may provide clues about earths core : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	my team is pretty straight on both leagues . on the 2nd league my first 5 are nash , paul george , melo , randolph & bynum .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiffany will be the mc for sbs k-pop super concert in usa on nov 10
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER cabana this friday ... you might find marissa and irene there being rachetts trying to get niggas with bottle service #hoes
id1	id2	negative	None	obma fails 2unite us , he divides us by sex , color , party , age , wealth nevadas 1st latino governor votes early for romney , predicts gop win
id1	id2	neutral	None	february 13th ; desperation day , its a thing
id1	id2	positive	None	netflix ?? rt @USER im watching the original x-men cartoons i used to watch on saturday mornings ... #throwback #iamhappyagain
id1	id2	neutral	None	us secretary of state press availability on the london conference : london , united-kingdom , february 24 , 2012/afr ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	they made a sky zone here in covina across the street from the amc . im definitely going sunday ! ( : whos down ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER on how fungal spores are dispersed - tories bring em back from lederhosen rallies in the black forest : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sister is rubbing it in my face the fact that she has no school tomorrow and i do , #ulazysackofshit thalia its all love though lmao
id1	id2	positive	None	off to see the nokia n9 tomorrow . itll be like being a real consumer tech dude again . also off to an event at the new winnings store .
id1	id2	negative	None	i have to wait till sunday to see carmelo anthony and the knicks debut ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aki ta junior saying he inviting max tomorrow lol to chill in the house
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER going to elon university . its a private ubi at a damn ulu place . no worries , im going off on 22nd august . haha .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im thinking i wear a singlets tomorrow for sports day ! haha . oh how i miss marana spirit days ! :(
id1	id2	negative	None	dana gets two false starts called on them trying to punt , 3rd one gets returned to their 18 . laguna hills scores with 30 sec left , up 31-27
id1	id2	neutral	None	on the night hank williams came to town .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER dutch uncles obviously crept up on you more than u realise dutch uncles lp on tapete pre dated cadenza ... are on 3rd now !
id1	id2	positive	None	#ramadan #mubarak to all #muslims who have began early . may allah bless our souls now and forever with good deeds .
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully i have a better day tomorrow ... today was just cow shit . well ... im going to big bang concert so of course its gonna be bomb !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER see you on oct 22 ! sm bacolod :))) excited ! :dd
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hello sweetie , hope your enjoying your hols . found you on here through e l james , im half way through 2nd bk after 4days ! x
id1	id2	neutral	None	although im not a big fan of ss , all my respects to mitch lucker . may you rest in peace .
id1	id2	neutral	None	outdoor movie night tomorrow !! come see lorax while you eat hot dogs , and munch on popcorn and other treats . food at 6pm , movie at dusk
id1	id2	neutral	None	january trip to boston to see the knicks vs celtics in the boston garden !
id1	id2	positive	None	billy cundiff may be leaving washington . hopefully he wont miss the door on the way out .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see flight on saturday , denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside leo and de niro
id1	id2	positive	None	tonite it goes down !!! street fm on 90.1 fm in ny broadcasting worldwide at URL or watch inside the studio at URL
id1	id2	positive	None	also , this is about to be the best night of my life . joe pa vs . @USER . somebody may die hahaha
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER mr. scoggins , will you be down in knoxville next saturday ? if so , you should stop by and say hi .
id1	id2	positive	None	its a stretch but im picking yushin okami tomorrow . think andersons athletic prime has passed and okamis cashing in at the right time .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on wednesday , october 24 , season 3 american idol contestant jennifer hudson channeled the upcoming holiday when ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	want to wish legendary broadcaster lloyd robertson a great final newscast tonight . the man is a total class act . #ctv #lloydrobertson
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats @USER on your new contract . can believe this is you 18th season at espn . time flies . always delighted to see you at rupp .
id1	id2	neutral	None	come out on monday to watch the woman in black w/ the model un ! free entry ! concessions w/ donation !! #ssu # URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	headed to footloose on sunday in garner ! spots left in #theannevan if you wanna tag along #northiowaschoolplaytour
id1	id2	neutral	None	cj and kreckman wednesday : the guys are at stoneys getting ready for the nuggets season opener . altitudes chris ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER thats like blaming rafa for the season we finished 7th while ignoring the negative impact of cecil and h&g !
id1	id2	neutral	None	panasonic eluga getting ice cream sandwich update : panasonic may have all but pulled out of the european smartp ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i would just like to say i will not be singing tomorrow , i barely have a voice .. you and trina are on your own :p
id1	id2	neutral	None	ghetto at the center of the world : chungking mansions , hong kong URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yeaa ! 3rd place ! congrats ! @USER end of the game ! indonesia warriors 92 - 85 singapore slingers ! thanks for the supports superriors !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi tony , just trying to find some more info online about this day ? cant find anything . can you shed any more light on this ?
id1	id2	negative	None	abc : ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for south australia in their sh ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you live in the south orlando area , be on the lookout . @USER has its 6th site opening on october 30th near the florida mall !
id1	id2	positive	None	its tuesday & time for young life ! 8:32 pm union lyceum . takin it up a notch tonight ! come join us #whywouldyounot
id1	id2	neutral	None	just finished rehearsing with @USER - we are ready for the kendrick lamar show tomorrow , shout outs to wvu ... pic.twitter.com/d76r8yzh
id1	id2	positive	None	varitek eager to learn on the job : newly appointed red sox special assistant jason varitek on friday reflected o ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the sun are today reporting that chelsea owner roman abramovich has given the green light for roberto di matteo ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow will be the day that ian holloway is a hero . he will say no to palace and he will show loyality and we will go on to beat derby !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tehran , mon amour : obama tried to establish ties with the mullahs URL via @USER no barack obama - vote mitt romney
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im just a 19 year old still on loan for the 3rd time at coventry 79 overall hopefully when i return bale will still be ther
id1	id2	neutral	None	coming to greenville tomorrow for my last few days in sc , then its west coast shawwty
id1	id2	neutral	None	guy sat opposite me on the train is the spit of dave grohl
id1	id2	negative	None	curtis painter did the curtis painter last night ... a fumble and one walk-in td overthrown by 8 yards .
id1	id2	neutral	None	aug 30 ! toads place , new haven ct . myself , m.a.r. , jitta on the track , danimal lector and more ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER today i told a bed-ridden old man wearing clemson pants that the rest of his team would be joining him soon
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cool , come to monday group , they would love it , we often do day trips out together , fire station , world book day and stuff !
id1	id2	positive	None	just bought my ticket to go m watch the romeo santos concert in theater . nov 5 needs to hurry up !! im so excited
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i have lots of spare jars . marmalade is the one jam g&i have not yet made . so glad u found ash wed easy & uplifting .
id1	id2	positive	None	#skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30 pm hosted by #saab its always fun when you rolling !!! haha x1
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day ( to you that may have one )
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER it is the 6th straight 1st round submission not 6th straight 1st minute ko , miesha tate did go 4:00 + with her . get it right !
id1	id2	positive	None	mavs will beat the lakers tomorrow accepting all bets
id1	id2	positive	None	at alis new gaff and shes making me dinner whilst i watch x factor . tuesday just got fucking ace .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we tallied up the votes and are announcing the winners for calling all communities ! tune in URL on nov 1st at 11am ( cst )
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 17th to hrt ! we love you !!! @USER & t-bones URL
id1	id2	positive	None	downloading duels for ipad now . finally magic on the perfect device . i may never play mtgo again . #dotp2013
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER its due wednesday , we have nothing done . is there anyway you can stay any later if i take you home . we have to get it done
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to bullet for my valentine at o2 academy glasgow in glasgow , united kingdom - mar 13 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	spend saturday with keith richards singing some everly brothers . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its friday people !!! get that kermit the frog cycling feelin ;) URL pic.twitter.com/0nldujcw
id1	id2	neutral	None	nick diaz getting the start at pk for the 2nd straight week .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good field for paris-nice . first sportive of season for me tomorrow so good weekend off and on the bike
id1	id2	neutral	None	might have to make that final destination 5 move on friday ...
id1	id2	negative	None	so cant believe big bang is tomorrow , this day came way too soon ! at least i can live it again sat . night !! ^_^
id1	id2	negative	None	and they are praying towards the sun as it sets while they are in jerusalem ! so technically incorrect !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha just like me .! we both got sent to iss on a friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	this thursday , destructo , creator of holy ship , comes to ignition at firestone live ! surrender your booty , its ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	one day to go before initiations . feeling like jim white on august 30th ... #arefreshersreadyforbane #shermanoff
id1	id2	neutral	None	arrival of ship : arabian tahr port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 6:11 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	be sure to pick up a ticket for our show at the rex theatre , august 9th , here ! -> URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	starkville , ms ! coming at you tomorrow night to rage at ricks cafe and weve got a pair of tickets to give away ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER lmfao when may comes around , watch zachary cheer for the bulls or celtics lololol
id1	id2	neutral	None	today on the jasmine brand : lil wayne says atl crowd sux , beyonce in part 2 of wtt trailer + rihanna straddles old man URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the first grammy awards , held on 4 may 1959 , domenico modugno beat out frank sinatra and peggy lee for the record of the year , with volare
id1	id2	positive	None	dinner with my dad . and tony parker with a last second game winning shot . what a great night ... just in time to be ruined by 300s tomorrow ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know thats what im saying lol tucker straight outkicked cundiff in camp , im glad hes gone . didnt he miss one in the 4th qtr ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	#news sail may tie up with nfl for rs 4,450 -cr sindri plant : nfl is the likely partner for sai ... URL @USER #ak
id1	id2	neutral	None	ufo sighting : black triangle sighting in perryton , texas on october 20th 2012 - black object that obscured the s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER same . i wanna go football really early tomorrow since we have the full day but idk what connors doing+if adams back from poland
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great choices !!! i went to olympic park too , but if youre just there for the weekend , that may be pushin it !
id1	id2	positive	None	let the good times roll ! tomorrow is mardis gras at st. philips , with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch . join us at 10:30 !
id1	id2	negative	None	andy rooney is really sucking it up on the pitch today . who misses pks by falling over ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i dont doubt the 2nd coming will be in jerusalem and missouri , but when is it due ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	h&ms fashion against aids collection is available on april 26th . 25% of the sale price goes to aids prevention . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 21st b day @USER looking forward to another trip to knoxville
id1	id2	neutral	None	for a freebie on sunday the limelight night @USER mix from 7pm showing free horror films - get on the guest list here : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget to dine out @USER in #savage tonight for paa ! also , its america day tomorrow at the hs for #homecoming week !
id1	id2	positive	None	twitter : we found someone you may know on twitter ! kevin rudd @USER - federal member for griffith . URL #straya
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd time to new creation church to see joseph prince for the 1st time . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the driver of a motor vehicle that crashed on petrolia line in the evening of july 11 remains in serious condition . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	alex , the female sideline commentator for sunday night football ... sounds like kermit the frog . how did they let you on the air ?
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow october 25 il divo is presented in the valence forum here in venezuela ! and im not going hahaha
id1	id2	negative	None	i forgot how sad the first episode of the 5th season of dexter is . #depressing #dexter #darkpassenger
id1	id2	negative	None	i really dont want to go to iss tomorrow ... -_-
id1	id2	neutral	None	twinkle toes d really , laurin ? thats why youre just my 2nd favorite lolo jones .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER come out and watch those guys softball next saturday august 27th for the colts softball tournament ,, it would be great
id1	id2	neutral	None	#bournemouth lions taken back to den for repairs : if you follow the pride in bournemouth trail today , you might ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i was going to move to siberia last wednesday . now i dont have to . siberia has moved here . its bloody freezing . #heatingtime .
id1	id2	neutral	None	november 21 yung nation going to be in monroe at the club its high school night
id1	id2	neutral	None	ever seen the huntsville statue of sam houston ? true story - on a road trip , woke up and thought it was 2nd coming . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the pacers are counting on paul george to step up , gerald green and dj augustin are your adds ... nat 2nd in the east , son .
id1	id2	positive	None	addicted to army wives and im only on the 5th episode of the 1st season !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the elvis extravaganza ! tune in to 97.1 fm at 11am for all the elvis presley you can handle . its gonna be rockin .
id1	id2	positive	None	ready to go to lexington with @USER and @USER for this game tomorrow night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	another saturday at the office ! leaving soon though its cold in here ! @USER morgan ( former el paso corp . )) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	uber pumped about fca breakfast tomorrow morning in the cafeteria ! 7:30 ! be there to fellowship , learn , and eat some free food ! #rt
id1	id2	negative	None	im moving back to houston on the 9th , i can live here nomore ! monroe to fcked up !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	open dialog is cosponsoring with globes to present to you searching for social justice next wednesday at 6pm . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cup games always tricky .. may b stick a small acca for fun and enjoy the evening with a nice wine bottle :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	so , the rumoured #lfc team was right , & gerrard , agger , & suarez , all play . big gamble by rodgers with everton on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#worldcup #party jason vernau live @USER nightclub miami february 25th 2012 : jason vernau is back with som ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	gift ideas for my 60th coming in october - 40 ridiculously expensive gadgets for the filthy rich URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	italy : also tonight livorno host cesena looking to end of run of 2 home defeats on the trot . hellas in 2nd welcome lowly lanciano tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	free guided hike of the tortolitas on saturday at 8 a.m. meet at the wild burro trailhead on the ritz-carlton grounds in marana .
id1	id2	negative	None	im so tired that zulu is the 1st word that pops in my mind
id1	id2	neutral	None	christianity is nothing else but the imitation of gods nature . we seek a relationship with god through jesus ... lord that i may see .
id1	id2	negative	None	ruby cant even take me to breakfast tomorrow :/ he dropped harold washington .
id1	id2	positive	None	had a low moment ... then i thought , why ? 2wks on tuesday i see noel gallagher up close with the best boy in the world ... now im smiling : 0 )
id1	id2	positive	None	i cant wait for the sunderland vs newcastle , 3rd best derby in england , after manchester and north london derby . id prefer a newcastle win
id1	id2	neutral	None	world banks africa can help feed africa report , 1 reason the borderless 2013 is so important : finding solutions . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	football . auburn football practice report : the 19th-ranked auburn football team worked out in full pads for the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sat in bed edith is on in the background and i still have a face full of white and im still in my clothes from last night . standard .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER hmmm november is an odd release date if true but if it becomes big enough maybe she could sing it at grammys
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its ravens 1st !... then jets ... then eagles ... get it right ;) lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i just ran a marathon on sunday with my hair bright pink for bca ! #becauseicare
id1	id2	positive	None	harris english may be playing some incredible golf at the moment , but the ap still labels his photos as zach johnson .
id1	id2	neutral	None	crimes against women : khaps , women panel meeting on oct 28 : it would be for the first time that haryana khap panchayats and national ...
id1	id2	positive	None	sushis + rafa on the tv = best way to end this sunday . #vamos :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	pj harvey or king creosote would be deserving winners of the #mercury2011 prize tonight but think tinie tempah will nick it
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow ... im on the air live at 9:05 on wjct radio . then on tv taping for good morning jacksonville at 10:30 . #excitingtimes
id1	id2	positive	None	wish my grammy was here with me to celebrate my birthday on sunday #missyou
id1	id2	positive	None	to all my friends in #turkey may you all stand strong on this 89th republic day ! cumhuriyet bayraminiz kutlu olsun !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the new york stock exchange and nasdaq will both be open tomorrow . also , reports of 3 feet of water in the nyse are false .
id1	id2	positive	None	espn got some good stuff on tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	5 page paper due tomorrow and what am i doing with my time ? watching the animal planet . #weee
id1	id2	neutral	None	i shouldve been guarding parker on that last play . he may have scored but i bet i wouldve been on the right side of the court .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER rt why does steve jobs hate you your link URL cars perform my best friends girl needs flash to play
id1	id2	neutral	None	you may feel youre alone , but im here still with you . you can do what you dream just remember to listen to the rain ~ by : amy lee
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks everybody for the bday wishes !! gonna have a big celebration tomorrow at ostend !!! cherry moon retro ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tip to apple ceo : u may want to stop outsourcing your mapping apps to china . while ur @USER how bout bring all those manufacturing jobs back .
id1	id2	neutral	None	north house does nuit blanche - were going to map a route , and get out for a night of city walking ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	how do you live beyond 100 years ? join us as we find out the secrets of longevity in bama , china . p1/2 today on our noble lineage #vegan
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ news ] stuck-up sunday : shepard fairey - andre the giant uncut sticker sheet - @USER @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	info * distance of the sun frm earth 149,597,900 km & the moon frm earth is 384,400 km . follow @USER follow @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	unofficially yours for the 2nd time around . #nw with @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER february 2 , aka groundhog day , we can pull it off , right ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER billy cundiff . his missed fg at the end of the 2nd quarter changed the game . hell never play again
id1	id2	positive	None	yay !!! rt @USER excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news ! they have no idea what their in for ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	hey guys tomorrow is now national ground hog day , i hope to see you all post about it !! hahahaha
id1	id2	neutral	None	review : black friday 2012 como stylish white cat shaped watch with key chain clip : find , shop , see reviews , b ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	circe 2008 . the day i got my acceptance letter to u of o . cant believe tomorrow ill be taking my last test URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its a historic day at ctv ... tonight , lloyd robertson will anchor the national news for the last time #lloyd
id1	id2	neutral	None	dealbook : clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum : sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER were the house votes cited accurate ? take a midol and call us wednesday morning !
id1	id2	negative	None	niggas was really on some 10th grade shit tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	shaq morris narrowed his list to wichita state and oral roberts . he said he will likely make a final decision monday . #shockers #mvc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER have you watched four lions ? saw it again last night , love it . fuck mini babybels !
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day in jeddah . will be in brunei tomorrow night . and then surabaya the following night . and then bali the night after that . whee !
id1	id2	negative	None	great ... we had tickets to see the preds on the 29th & now the games have been cancelled . #nhllockout
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER arrw how cute is aj and the boys #ifoundyou ready to be downloaded on sunday ! x
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER weve got swansea away on saturday , so maybe early in the morning , but id guess that theyd be leaving late on .
id1	id2	negative	None	terrible tragedy today in russia with the loss of a great khl team and an nhl great in pavol demitra
id1	id2	negative	None	i really thought hisd didnt have school tomorrow because it was christopher columbus day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	pop quiz friday : which celebrity is the best player in oregon football history and went by the name bobby moore in eugene ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER cause she had too :/ it was gonna be one person from each table move every two months but now its we all switch seats
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER who wants to go to a a$ap rocky concert with me on the 14th or 15th ?!?!? you dont have a choice on who you taking we going !
id1	id2	neutral	None	on august 29 , ima play lil wayne , tie my hands ,. ima play it 29 times , then ima download tha carter iv #respect
id1	id2	neutral	None	the big day is tomorrow ! mau xterra world championships at the ritz carlton at 9:30 am ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	arrival of ship : mataf pride port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 5:44 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel appr ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	wkd wednesday tonight , #throwdownthursdays tomorrow night & swag vs class saturday night at st davids cc all staring yours truely
id1	id2	positive	None	greeting kobe is to mainstream ! so ill just greet jeremy lin , happy 24th birthday jlin @USER :)))
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER bruce willis , bill murray and ed norton all in the same film . i may faint .
id1	id2	positive	None	maybe behind the times but has espn taken ron jaworski off monday night crew ? not complaining . #easyontheears #nicesurprise
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lloyd robertson set to sign off tonight after 41 years as a national news anchor .
id1	id2	neutral	None	glenn hoddle says striker emmanuel adebayor may struggle to get into the tottenham team after jermain defoes fine display against reading .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for iss tomorrow ... not but at least ill have kenna with me
id1	id2	neutral	None	this saturday its time for some classics in cherry moon . remember tracks like g-mode , sacred grounds ,... ? me ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if plant city didnt have a staples i dont know what i would do with my friday nights .
id1	id2	neutral	None	two worst players in plus/minus right now for okc are serge ibaka and kendrick perkins . stat may be soft , but it matches the eyes .
id1	id2	negative	None	red cross : syria conflict is now a civil war : the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER revelations is the 2nd worst ( 1 was the worst ) but iii , for mine , is above i just because lots to do + naval battles
id1	id2	positive	None	till june 5 nalang ang botohan ! so make sure you vote deniesse , wendy , jazz and divine on fhm 100 sexiest ! :) #thvspride !
id1	id2	neutral	None	buenos aires -- argentina late wednesday approved a law to lower the legal voting age to 16 in a move that could s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tottenham hotspur boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	help us get to 250 followers by the start of mvc playoffs this sunday ! @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	song joongki , park bo young at the premiere the grand heist / gone with the wind on the 25th . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	offical release : wolves open 19th season on oct . 13 - the chicago wolves open the 2012-13 american hockey league sea ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER first reaction : would look great in a simcity game . 2nd reaction : ooh , its motorized !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im still at my school , stayed in the 6th form . but i see you got into the brits !! congrats iil bro im proud :)
id1	id2	positive	None	pictures of the day : 18 october 2012 : a playful amazon river dolphin , usain bolts shoes and mick jagger . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	how can you hate on yolo ... please tell me how living your 2nd time is
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats !!! to the philippine patriots for winning over singapore slingers last saturday ... go patriots !!! :)
id1	id2	negative	None	arianators please help me . im a girl whos body is very sore and just asking for ariana & jennettes goodluck for tomorrow . please :(
id1	id2	positive	None	astrology may be a blasphemous concept to some , but i am the absolute epitome of my sign . every last detail .
id1	id2	negative	None	just to be sure . tomorrow is america day , right ? because i dont wanna be the redneck in a sea of gods
id1	id2	neutral	None	act at hf tomorrow . but i need a calculator with programs . who got one i can borrow !?
id1	id2	positive	None	exhausted after a long day at wppi , but ready to do it again tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning , yuki ~ ! oh , i like your name too . does it means snow ? riko isnt my real name , ive chose it because i like japan .
id1	id2	negative	None	lin picks up a loose ball and just trucks stuckey . unfortunately , thats not allowed , to bench with 4th foul as pistons reclaim lead , 67-65 .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER fridays the main day !!! knicks vs heat
id1	id2	positive	None	#jerzday tonight first episode of jersey shore season 4 premieres tonight !!! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was supposed to hand in my deca money monday ... can melleby still take it
id1	id2	positive	None	steve jobs is my man of the century . 10 years ago , they were this close to bankruptcy . today , apple is the most valuable company in d world
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hope you win tonight tom ! your us and worldwide fans from @USER and @USER are cheering for u !
id1	id2	neutral	None	about to begin our sojourn on mysterious island for vbs . plane crash , storm , chased by pirates ... and thats just 1st night . 3 times each
id1	id2	negative	None	knicks vs . pacers in the 2nd round of association mode . upset the #1 bulls
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER mxm wena rebo , i know how to .. and you guys are flooding up my e-mails . tltltltltlltltlt . rebo and tk , ost tomorrow night ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday night live ! we are going to a maulers game ! meet at mvc at 6:30 , bring $5 + fastfood $ + funds to buy caseyface some chocolate pie ...
id1	id2	negative	None	i hate watching movies like friday after next on vh1 , bet , mtv , & etc . because they take out the bad language -__- . its no fun !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER millsap , al ... favors is getting there and kanter will . is jeremy evans your 5th ? idk about that . if evans is legit , i think
id1	id2	neutral	None	#deusex quiz is deus ex : human revolution the 3rd game in the series or the 4th ? correct answers go in prize draw to win a copy mon 14th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER my dad and i are going to raleigh saturday if you wanna go
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the anaheim ducks are interested in sam gagner of the edmonton oilers . could be part of a trade for the ducks 1st round pick
id1	id2	neutral	None	thursdays rainfall @USER was 0.04 bringing the monthly total to 2.07 . thats more than an inch below normal ( 3.10 ) .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so the penguin/random house merger is to go ahead ? better than it falling into murdochs clutches . ( a mistake for tuc to sell sun 41 yr ago )
id1	id2	neutral	None	dear tiger woods , i need you to carry those last 3 holes over to thursday . w/o nba im gonna need you to step up . michael
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to rock apologize by one republic & jesus freak by dc talk tonight gettin redy to rock sasabo , japan
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to pumpkins and pancakes at @USER october 28 ? #halloween
id1	id2	positive	None	the other night i had a dream uga beat boise state . lets hope it comes true
id1	id2	neutral	None	sonys putting out a new ps3 firmware update on tuesday that finally lets you see your ps vita trophies on ps3 . about *** ing time , sony .
id1	id2	positive	None	love billy crystal introducing the 1st game of the world series .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow : starting tomorrow owners of the lg spectr ... URL #apps
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great conversation the other day with zach from bridgestone arena about the preds game on the 25th see ya there @USER @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	#londonriots is trending 3rd worldwide ... this is not something to be proud of united kingdom !!! sort it out !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	looper was amazing !!! now to the theatre to see simon callows the mystery of charles dickens ... loving my wednesday off work :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	thinking thursday : your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare ! ~ narda goodson , 2012 nardas nuggets
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER its monday and monday night football is on my mind . rt if you love football ! #mnfootng .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER good lass ! i can remember when i first saw you and you were like a little singer know your all fully grown up ! #timeflies x
id1	id2	negative	None	forget the garlic , the soup is disgusting ! thanks for nothing , saturday kitchen .
id1	id2	positive	None	rehearsing for nov 6 @USER just called jim leyland to congratulate new york giants on their victorious baseball match #sfgchamps #p2
id1	id2	positive	None	aug 27th : ufc rio .. anderson silva vs yushin okami(last man to beat him ) .. expect to see the best fighter on the planet put on a fucking show !
id1	id2	positive	None	just got him tickets to the knicks vs celtics game on october 20 lmfao how mad would he be ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	imaaa be quiet all day tomorrow ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looking fwd to watching it sometime soon in bkk . :-) have a super friday and weekend ahead ! lotsa love :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	norwich city are the 6th team into the capital one cup quarter finals
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dear mr. netanyahu if a new cast leadmight be needed i wish you success and total victory , may the enemies of israel perish .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i finished 1st in a bowling 101 class of 50 that included members of the bowling team ... youre totally effed .. :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	ladies its time for yall to bring out them tight freak um dresses at club pulse tomorrow 1118 n 4th street free til 11
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER that would kill me ... im going to go live in siberia so i dont get hives every time the sun comes out ..
id1	id2	positive	None	the zags hold a 1-0 lead for 84 minutes to beat boise state and win the bronco invite . goal by sarah rhodes , her 3rd of the weekend .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER introduced me to big l when i was in the 9th grade . i was really deaf to real hip hop music back in the 9th grade lol
id1	id2	positive	None	also excited to see simcity and bf3 armored kill during the @USER conference tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	the regular-season opener thursday between the brooklyn nets and the new york knicks , wh ... URL :: URL
id1	id2	positive	None	one of the hottest up and coming artists @USER will be performing july 29th at rex theatre in southside , pittsburgh !! tix only $10
id1	id2	positive	None	just found out that the boys will be on ellen on november 9th ... ahhh so happy :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer aniston shows shes prada her figure at fashion bash - the sun URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yes , it is us : black triangle sighting in olmsted falls , ohio on october 12th 2012 - triangular sape ... URL #aliens
id1	id2	neutral	None	3rd down , preds kept us out of the end zone . going for the field goal
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we had great set of talks & tour of the new lock & water recycling plant yesterday at olympic park . the sun even came out !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah maybe next year will be better ! haha ! yeah babe im fine :) are you home this weekend ? xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	chillin tonight , gig with rampage tomorrow night , have a rokin weekend my tweet buddies .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rated r > loud > talk that talk and good girl gone bad > music of the sun > a girl like me
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER im going to try to bring the @USER to volstead on sat . what you guys doing tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	diana : a celebration is officially open to the public ! our hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. today , 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jazz and celeste are seeing jack white in london on saturday and i shall be eating nutella with a spoon
id1	id2	neutral	None	ganda din pala ng unofficially yours :) may pagkafriends with benefits ! but the thing na ganda ng pagkaarte ni johnllyod and angel ! epic ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well you better be dancing on the 25th ! :d no but you went cray at niggas in paris . :)) i feel like death .
id1	id2	positive	None	think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington ..
id1	id2	negative	None	bear with me for the power crisis : jayalalithaa : chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the people of tamil ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	3 wickets in 1st session , eng bowlers will be extremely happy ! just tiwary , raina and saha left along with yuvi . rayudu shouldve played !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i have english tomorrow but it honestly doesnt bother me for some reason . rella always makes my day . dont ask
id1	id2	positive	None	iam not sure if #reggie realizes this but statistically gary carter is the 4th greatest catcher in the 100+ years of baseball #8 #kid #lgm
id1	id2	neutral	None	the games i ordered that came out tuesday were going to shipped from nj so safe to say ill be waiting a bit more till they get shipped .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i watched it 4 the 1st time & :-) . voted 4 it in the nta awards - best factual program . mite need 2 watch rest on itvplayer
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing !! we may not have won the 2nd game , but it was hard fought & the sold out bca was rockin ! #proudtobeatiger :) pic.twitter.com/nfgz7otf
id1	id2	positive	None	guess what ?! we are going to be having our christmas party on december 6th ! no shows , unless your justin beiber ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nasheed , you have endorsed coni report today . please dont change your mind tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	would your company like to #sponsor the 3rd annual pnc bank #nonprofit academy awards ? see attached for details . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	making a sign for #kates nyc marathon on sunday for @USER charity . what do you think ? was never any good at art ... pic.twitter.com/y6eq2w0i
id1	id2	positive	None	10 ps4 launch games wed love to see . these are our hopes & dreams sony , be gentle with them : opm : a new console ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	crap i meant to let #oomf use my microsoft office thing for their computer today ... well hell get it one weekend when we both in town !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the pain is far deeper than a billy cundiff missed field goal . gotta wake up and forget about it tomorrow . #orioles #stayhungry
id1	id2	positive	None	plant city is babysitting nyc palm trees for the winter . crap like this cracks me up ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER pls tv5 just get that suckers leg ( rvp ) broken 4 me on saturday pls !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	alright going to bed , gotta long weekend . work friday and saturday then @USER and @USER sunday night in greensboro
id1	id2	positive	None	banana walnut pancakes and a side of @USER sausages . slide up to the counter for a soda fountain sunday brunch . enjoy !
id1	id2	positive	None	i may treat myself to some serie b this evening . cesena v novara , maybe remind me of how much i loved gianluca comotto if he plays #joking
id1	id2	neutral	None	back in rehearsal on monday with the woman in black after a summer with the sound of music . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER next thursday or friday they play maryland in new york for the first real game
id1	id2	negative	None	how many continents was the challenge filmed on ? 21 ? okay , what did you fail 2nd grade ?
id1	id2	positive	None	trifecta will be performing at the 19th green in jeffersonville in on thursday sept 6 @USER come join the party !
id1	id2	positive	None	so proud of the ladies from my family group from kremlin today who placed 3rd at the j-high state cross country meet ! so proud of ya ladies !
id1	id2	positive	None	todd bertuzzi made the best of the nhl lockout wednesday , but while having his son join an URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL london conference on libya took place tuesday 29 march 2011 and was chaired by the foreign secretary , william hague .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER revision book right ? ive already gave it to niesa . shell give it to you on tomorrow :) hopefully youll get a+ in eng ! amin !
id1	id2	positive	None	i may need a c o-o wner but she has to be good in english , and to post a lot of lou , lux , tom , etc .. pics ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone else already getting goosebumps about how loud goodnight irene will be at 2:55 tomorrow afternoon #blackthornendmyrealhome
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER why you so gwapo ^_^ take care mario , going to watch suddenly its magic on tuesday . :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER best line ever as abby he wears $3000 sun glasses & has justin beiber on his harddrive cant we arrest him for that ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	just watched journey to the mysterious island and may i say i have nooo idea how vanessa can not be jumping all over josh ... #justsayin
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER why doesnt sony promote 1st party games ? ac3 commercials are on tv all the time . and no one ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	steve emerson on sun explains the riots and real motives URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wisconsin : remember to vote tomorrow ! consider it practice for recalling walker . practice makes perfect . #wiunion #wirecall #p2
id1	id2	positive	None	show up at our 2nd shop and dan is listening to rammstein ... today is going to rule #du #duhast #duhastmich
id1	id2	neutral	None	just watched the 1st ever elimination chamber match i had no idea it was an hour long till it ended .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER democrats will quickly implode and concede . obama will either veto the boehner bill or invoke the 14th amend ... then impeach !
id1	id2	neutral	None	who wants to be on @USER kandi factory ?? #kandifactory you may see me and my new music on the new series
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER reggie isnt interested in dealing picks like the old regime . cant see him parting with anything other than a 6th or 7th
id1	id2	neutral	None	where have all the yankees fans gone today ? you were all so talkative before yesterdays game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#hulu jimmy kimmel live - axl rose , part 1 : part 1 of jimmy kimmels interview with axl rose . added : thu oct 25 1 ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im missing vcus 1st scrimmage against vuu to study for an exam . apparently #havoc is here : 53-13 vcu up in just the 1st qtr . #damn
id1	id2	positive	None	my saturday just got better , brighter and bolder .
id1	id2	positive	None	i have tkts to see plan b next feb- he has already announced his support acts- labrinth and rudimental !!! this news has made me tres happy
id1	id2	neutral	None	they put the days we missing on the news : 2 days from christmas break , presidents day , and we get out june 24 . -___-
id1	id2	negative	None	is it april fools day ? real madrid signs 7-year-old argentine prospect leo - espn URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	icrc says working on contact with lebanese hostages : the international committee of the red cross said thursday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER with the 28th pick ... the #packers select some fat punter out of wichita st.
id1	id2	neutral	None	calling all voters , im calling on nevada , florida , ohio , tuesday night is the night u guys will i repeat will shine for the president lets go !
id1	id2	neutral	None	sema kicks off in las vegas tomorrow . our friends over at URL built up this wildcat for the gbc ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cool this is cool i managed to get the cts sun in the pic and black stars for avril now for lawson
id1	id2	positive	None	i have austin n dallas coming deep to venue tonight . htown ... lets show em how we do it out chea
id1	id2	neutral	None	church member told me mtg tomorrow @USER baptist is byob . asked if he told them 2nd b didnt mean brownbag in our church . he laughed .
id1	id2	positive	None	well bummer the vikings just lost to wsh :( ... oh well tomorrow is another day , good try boys ! buck up boos we still love u always !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER my 4th of july song is ito ang gusto ko by francis m . ( best for independence day here in the ph ) #galaxyplaytrackoftheday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER sacramento kings , we just beat yall sunday and thurs night so what it was preseason won me some money . nov11
id1	id2	positive	None	okay , okay ... saturday ot just became worth it ... someone came with portos cheese rolls ! yum !
id1	id2	neutral	None	master liams bday party ! @USER this saturday on the dr susan block show ! join us live in studio by rsvp here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whoevers going to a$ap rocky wit me on the 8th better buy their tickets like today . i think imma get mine soon
id1	id2	negative	None	the knicks vs nets game got moved all the way to the 26th damn
id1	id2	negative	None	apple ceo extremely sorry for problems with new maps : source : URL --- sunday , september 30 ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	with the wikileaks releases yesterday , its only gonna help 3rd party candidates make an impact in the election .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER it build immune syst up - hot water & lemon 1st thing , 3 green teas a day .. itll sort you out xx
id1	id2	negative	None	my mama going to jacksonville saturday , i would go but she want let me , im on punishment .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	attn : wrestlers- still time to join this sundays seminar/tryout . heres the info : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	weve just sampled some of gregs delicious pretzels for our german themed boardroom dinner tomorrow ! yummy !
id1	id2	negative	None	unfortunately , i am wathcing all manifestation related to republic day and i just see that we are really far away 21st . century . +++
id1	id2	positive	None	win or lose i think most dallas fans would agree its just great to play in games as big as this one tonight again after yrs of mediocrity .
id1	id2	negative	None	absolutely smashed . up early tomorrow to get to the strawberry by st james park . fuck the mackems
id1	id2	neutral	None	. URL to do tonight : see the help in theater amanda knox
id1	id2	positive	None	as port charles struggles to come to grips with jasons disappearance ... a shocking return ! tomorrows episode is cant miss ! watch #gh !
id1	id2	negative	None	#vbnss daily digit : exchanges lost $1 mln a day - oct 31 - nyse , nasdaq , and the cboe each lost about $1 million in ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER larry bird is ranked 4th all-time not including lebron or kobe just sayin ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	joseph prince - none of us , all of christ ! - 14 oct 2012 : URL via @USER how much of gods grace do you need ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER i just watched it ! sridevis comeback ... u remember her from the 90s ?? sun mornings on nta ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	it may finally be the lakers vs heat #nba finals matchup due to the harden trade .
id1	id2	positive	None	can today already be over with ? i am ready to go to murray state tomorrow !!! #collegevisit :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	animal planet star tia torres of pit bulls & parolees to attend for the love of dogs festival in smyrna , ga nov 3rd URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER were going to have to go see magic mike before the jeff timmons thing next friday !!
id1	id2	negative	None	weak d and a penalty set up a short td run for eastern . cats 17-14 with 2:08 left in 1st half .
id1	id2	neutral	None	baby stroller sale : safety 1st boost air protect booster car seat , dixie with cheap coupon code URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy sunday retro members ! the movie of the day is : project x
id1	id2	positive	None	hey , its gary carter bobblehead night when the clones come to vt on saturday . 25 cent hot dogs and fireworks on friday . woohoo !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER damn i dont wanna get on my computer . tomorrow :( my harry feels are out of control and the outtakes video broke me
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER and wichita wild still tied 14-14 at the end of the 1st quarter . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	wow i just noticed that dongwoo and eunkwang share the same birth date , 22 november 1990 . omgyu ma awesome biasseu ~
id1	id2	neutral	None	speaking of indus valley kaafi log kehtay hain kaafi mummy daddy hai compared to say nca - is that truev hmmm
id1	id2	negative	None	boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against #gop2012 debate . what ? same time as packers-saints #nfl opener ?!?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER seriously i think he may pull out his gat and shoot me ! i need to call upon castle greyskull for my powers #ihavethepower
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER te quiero ! <3 please come to mexico !!! greetings :3 #worldwide have a nice day today & everyday :))
id1	id2	negative	None	ravens vs the eagles thursday night , its going fuckin down #teamravens , no fuckin competition
id1	id2	neutral	None	compiling playlist for lab visit tomorrow . mostly rammstein and pumpkins so far ... im going to get in trouble , arent i ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	just ordered your amanda knox book rt @USER looks like judgment day is oct 3 or 4 . #amandaknox
id1	id2	positive	None	now yall know all that halloween candy is gonna be on clearance tomorrow ... you can save it for valentines day :)
id1	id2	positive	None	gas by my house hit $3.39 !!! im going to chapel hill on sat . :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hello ully . ;) see you on saturday at sm sta . rosa . :d cant wait . : >
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i do remember . it was like leaked at 1st so he made a new one for careless world
id1	id2	positive	None	this may be a little forward ... - secret-country : but can you imagine the sex miranda lambert & blake ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	babysitting all day tonight ... blahhh .. but cant wait for friday !! club pulse baby !!! whoot whoot !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	what i want to see on sunday on true blood - eric eric more eric naked eric pam did i mention eric ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER pls rt - bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep URL
id1	id2	positive	None	gumby may be the answer to our forward woes . the bomb squad never stop believing , and we never stop believing in gumby . #releasethegumby
id1	id2	neutral	None	time to test out one of my steams games when i get home then at 9pm eastern going live w/ @USER for our 1st weekly gears3 funfest .
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 18 is the birthday of chuck berry . about the talent in his chart , see art&astrology : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hip hop fans ! #talibkweli - idle warship with #res this fri @USER arsht center for the performing arts URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ioc mulls armstrong bronze - sbs : the international olympic committee ( ioc ) on thursday said it had ... URL #london2012
id1	id2	positive	None	tonight !!! we proudly pres . our 7th halloween party with limewax & many more - this time at studio 21 ( twenty one ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER deathly hallows part ii now become the 3rd high grossing movie in worldwide all of time with $1.133 m . absolutely amazing !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER need more espn football today/ #patriots today podcasts . get ross and matt riled up with more #bradyrules talk .
id1	id2	positive	None	that movie flight with denzel looks really good ! may have to go check it out
id1	id2	neutral	None	how are they going to act in new york with the subways out ? they better clutch it out like eli manning 4th quarter
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER well arent you good ! happy anniversary . may many owls serenade you with ricky martin songs .
id1	id2	positive	None	so i have rewatched every season of dexter with the parents and now am itching for season 6 ! roll on october ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	new poster for our @USER gig at st davids hall in april with ruthie henshall and @USER pic.twitter.com/3qllxche
id1	id2	neutral	None	may or may not review the rugby world cup review , if its good i might get the full game though . its just installed as i press tweet .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #halloween good .. and who is the 3rd ? valentines day ? or ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER bro you going to that event at gampel on friday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	concert in dallas was a success tonight ! twas very hot tho ! church in the a.m. then back to detroit !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER , i dont feel the rugby world cup fever via 702 , am i the only one ? isnt it rugby friday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	opening today the inbetweeners ( 15 ) 20.45 and cowboys & aliens ( 12a ) 20.20 remember its super saver day , so you ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran #americascup world series . watch it fri 0930 on ss4 ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER one last push sunday , and most of them will have a weeks not playing cos of the cup game midweek before nufc . i never make ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER me and katie are busy after school we have to go to playtoes and stuff . but saturday morning . lets do it ! then beach
id1	id2	positive	None	sag for life : stacey , april , gabriel irieapril #mrandmrscheek happy wedding day gabe ! @USER star ballroom URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning ?? waaa im so confused ):
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER because come november 7 , whoever is destined to be the next president will have my full respect . whether it be obama or romney
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i got given some cash from fabrice muamba , signed gary hooper , andy carroll some sevilla winger , i drew with villa 1st day .
id1	id2	positive	None	loads of goodies from house of wilde , stylestalker , staple the label , fairground and piper lane will be available tomorrow ! stay tuned ! xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	dallas mavericks 1st round draft pick jared cunningham could be heading to the d league when the season starts ( source : espn )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st up , obama on that poster with that caption ??? trayvon had parents just like dad on the right . like they dont grieve ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy 4th monthsary slaniesse !! ;) wishing you guys more more months and years together . stay strong for slater and deniesse ! ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	heading out today with @USER tour to tupelo , mississippi to visit birthplace of elvis presley !
id1	id2	positive	None	philly girls love going to big bangs , kifs , fat tuesday , etc
id1	id2	positive	None	this article about senate president enrile is very interesting :) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i was going to justin biebers concert tomorrow at dallas . buh the tickets had sold out . ; c @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i wrote this earlier , do you agree that kg may be a less likeable ray lewis ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey there david taylor . nice to have you along sir . how is your friday ? #mushroomfm
id1	id2	negative	None	prayers and thoughts to pavol demitras family today and all others on the plane . the blues nation lost a loved member today
id1	id2	positive	None	silent house was decent ... now time to watch #advengers for the 2nd time . got a #lowkey crush on iron man & thor
id1	id2	neutral	None	some well known names may have been on the plane according to the toronto star ,,, pavol demitra , josef vacicek
id1	id2	positive	None	going to south korea or japan for research in my 7th semester .. wow itll be amazing #faith
id1	id2	positive	None	wish maddie luck next saturday , she has a solo audition for britains got talent ! :) ~ ellie xxx
id1	id2	negative	None	how many of you believe that andrew breitbart very well may have been murdered ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	pictures of #overdoser 1st anniversary party at safe house #thonglor are online ! check it out ! URL pic.twitter.com/ymeq9krl
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its almost 6pm in japan now .. heheh .. but good morning to you too
id1	id2	neutral	None	im dressing up as gary for halloween .. so dont expect to c me until about 4th period .. ill b home dozing off to animal planet then ill b at
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning irene ^_^ have a nice day !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so u sat down with sophia grace and rosie to tea and it was awesome ! :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	ben amos is on the bench for the england u21s . as they take on serbia in the 2nd leg of their play-off for the euros .
id1	id2	neutral	None	people that are like 3rd year seniors << its about time you move on w/ high school . this is not degrassi where youre the same age forever
id1	id2	positive	None	14 feb 2011 - happy valentines day everybody . im going to buy cookies and stuff myself full . -
id1	id2	neutral	None	ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury . : ricky ponting was pu ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	moving to covina in december things are looking up rite about now ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	done with tec exam alhamdulillah . lunch break before eng class . hope everyones having a good friday !
id1	id2	positive	None	my love for maya rudolph may be borderline obsessive . i just looove her !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER heres a pic of my son before we took him to see you at training camp today ! hes really a sanchez too ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	norwich city are gonna get destroyed today against villa this afternoon ! cmon you villaaans !! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	our coverage of garner vs . athens drive beings tomorrow night at 6:30 on URL & @USER hope youll join us !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you think aj is a 1st rd pick in the league ?
id1	id2	positive	None	you may think youve tried them all but ill bet you havent tried taking on the challenge ... stop wasting time ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	forumcast ep5 : the 4th on the 5th- we talk ghost rider : spirit of vengeance , the 4th of july & falling skies URL
id1	id2	positive	None	oh god , i want bioshock infinite right now . february is far , far too long to wait . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	2 democrats in wisconsin state senate up for recall election next tuesday . hopefully the discouragement of waukesha doesnt prevail .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going to vegas tomorrow , but im guessing youre going to sleep in . im out at 7:50 a.m.
id1	id2	positive	None	playstation vita will receive great additions and games : as you may have seen with our previous blog post on the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	gonna be at sm sta . rosa today 4pm with krissy & october 17 with jasmine curtis , khalil ramos & enrique gil @USER see youuu
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER breakout kings went downhill when they killed the black dude first ep of the 2nd season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	where could the il divo guys be performing tomorrow night ? tell us where you think they are
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER which one are you there for ? @USER myself and some friends will be at the sa game going to twickers town for drinks 1st ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER good morning ! do you know who else will be on this season of dwts ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	#horseracing breeders cup will be televised saturday for the first time in prime time ! you wont want to miss it @USER edt on nbc .
id1	id2	neutral	None	what a great question to ask myself : if today were the last day of my life , would i want to do what i am about to do today ? steve jobs
id1	id2	positive	None	heat vs knicks first round of playoffs tomorrow !!! #lebron #wade better bring it !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	why wait until september to see stan walker in sydney when hes coming to newcastle panthers on 24 august ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey toki , saw you at webster hall last friday was hoping you would drop gamble on us all :( come visit us in state college pa !
id1	id2	negative	None	if volstead went against #braves on a monday , hed give up 5 runs in first , then cubs make a furious rally late to win #twostreaks
id1	id2	neutral	None	so who wants to watch the steelers game with me on sunday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	derrick williams and the stiemer enter the agme for pek and klove late in 1st quarter with wolves leading 18-15
id1	id2	neutral	None	lauryn hills going to be at constitution hall on november 4th >>> im in there like swimwear !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	blow to the lions ... joel patfulls out for the season after breaking his hand in sundays loss to adelaide . surgery wed morn . #afl
id1	id2	neutral	None	i had to march to get mlk day as a recognized holiday in greenville , mind you i 16yrs old when i did it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER seriously ! itunes puts like an entire minute as a preview so 20 seconds is nothing . and i know ! it needs to be monday asap !
id1	id2	neutral	None	jbid sounded a bit like james murphy last night i was there ... ( when ronald reagan ... /at the 1st can show ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sundays la liga trip to real mallorca , with sami khedi ... #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	kuun fastest so far on ss4 , williams 2nd and fekken 3rd . cronje still leads but the gap is now 8sec from habif #sarally #pr
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is buffons 122nd cap for italy , now just 4 behind maldini in 2nd and 14 behind the leader , cannavaro . #legend
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 16th birthday at garner . i gave her a face full of chocolate for her birthday . she gave it URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER would you trade calvin , cj and murray for griffin , mccoy and lloyd in a keeper ppr league ? also have harvin but 2nd rb lacking
id1	id2	positive	None	going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight ... oh yeah .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we closing out the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	safe and sound at the hotel ! scotty passed out on the plane and had to get doctors and oxygen . practice tomorrow ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nickelodeon slimefest is on saturday 15th of september at the hordern pavilion near moore park feat . justice crew , stan walker and many more
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to ring in the new school year @USER for aladdin ... unc memorial hall , sat aug 27th 6:30
id1	id2	positive	None	packs brown looks to rebound : lorenzo brown and the wolfpack are hoping todays game against the d ... URL #raleighnews
id1	id2	positive	None	dr. eggs live in hong kong with an another super band : halcyon . october 20 at backstage live . get your ticket ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it looks better as the nufc fans are now in 2nd tier so i cant see them ... it looks like hes just goading the sufc fans !
id1	id2	neutral	None	new issue of forbes ( aug 26 ) has my essay on a personal encounter with gandhi & apartheid in s africa . not yet online , but take a look .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the jazz agreed thursday to a three-year , $5.5 million deal with forward jeremy evans , the salt lake tribune has ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	laguna hills phone fox tuesday comedy sizzle : catch the premieres of new girl , ben and kate an ... URL telephone systems
id1	id2	positive	None	having family pictures done on saturday with my 4 favorite girls ! hannah , katie , shan and my tam ! cant wait ! life cant get any better !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im going on big brothers bit on the side next tuesday ! i thought you would appreciate this haha :)
id1	id2	positive	None	i get to procter the psat with my homie @USER tomorrow !!! it only took them three years to partner us up lol
id1	id2	positive	None	going to watch connor run the 4x100m relay in state athletics championships at olympic park tomorrow . wishing him luck !! #runforrestrun
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow ! if yu havent marked it in yur calender ... do it now ! christina grimmie on dwts ! history will be made !
id1	id2	neutral	None	trying to come up with a rockstar for @USER 18th , so far emilie autumn or amy lee seem like ideas
id1	id2	negative	None	how jokes is it that edgar davids plays for barnet now and wtf happened in the leeds-wednesday game tonight ?!?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	you do not want to miss this tomorrow night . rj is moving to maryland soon , and we have a truly epic set planned ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER endymion may have set the greek mythology and olympic record for sleep , full of sweet dreams , and health , and quiet breathing .
id1	id2	positive	None	may god be with and protect everyone else from the storm thats about to hit constitution hall
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER independent electoral and boundaries commission ( iebc ) says all is set for mondays by-elections in the three constituencies .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fourteen environmental protesters arrested at eskom on tuesday have been released on bail , after the group ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rockets have 15 assists in the 1st half . lin and harden each have five dimes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER boehner sent a letter ? @USER tweeted yesterday about one from cantor .
id1	id2	positive	None	if you like the sound of that its on at 8pm every wednesday on the animal planet channel
id1	id2	negative	None	one million people marched in london in the past six months . but they dont care until 1,000 tottenhams tonight ~ URL
id1	id2	positive	None	depaul wbb practice , wine , nd football , dinner with big brother in lincoln park = great saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	ynm - did you see tonights top ten best play on espn ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER bren-field mate , we where joint 2nd , they where bottom . they celebrated like theyd just won the carling cup !
id1	id2	negative	None	somebody braiding my hair tomorrow idc who but if it doesnt look good im taking it out
id1	id2	positive	None	halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new years eve and super bowl sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh yes , never a dull moment !! looking forward to just rafa & bronte tomorrow ! nice to be busy though ! hope boys ok !
id1	id2	positive	None	cava is looking forward for one of the biggest event of the year . the strawberry festival in 350 main st. watsonville from sat-sun 10-5p .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ideal weekend getaways : with raksha bandhan and independence day falling on saturday and monday this time , it ma ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	gonna be on the news tomorrow . im going to be the girl wearing the big time rush shirt . :d
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER it seems right back is a problem at the minute . shotton was awful on tuesday .
id1	id2	negative	None	she said that some day soon , the sun was gonna shine . and she ... couldnt have been more wrong ! my valentine .
id1	id2	neutral	None	what will happen to #portchuck if port charles voters vote to change the name of the city to port pine view on the nov 6th referendum ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	saw my 1st volkswagen twat today . take a jetta , lose the j , then spell teat , then turn the e sideways to get a w
id1	id2	positive	None	south korea is the 7th country that have the most beautiful womans agreed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you came from palawan right ? just came from there with danica !! saw josh lao last sat in the airport & he told me ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like im going to sit at richwood with my brother tomorrow .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	todays google offer in seattle - up to 50% off at the seattle aquarium URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER after the game on sunday i expect roma to be even more determined that they otherwise would be
id1	id2	neutral	None	spending friday night with my main man charles dickens .
id1	id2	negative	None	niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow , you wont catchh me there !
id1	id2	negative	None	i cant wait until nfl live is on espn all day .. baseball tonight is boring ... monday night countdown ... i despise nbc football america
id1	id2	negative	None	seems my new ipod doesnt like kasabian very much- laptop has crashed every time its got to syncing empire . 10th time lucky ...
id1	id2	positive	None	pray for mohamed morsi the new president of egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh yeah ! will be the first one to get it on the 4th from psn !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i downloaded the first season of #dexter , gonna start watching the 2nd episode . time to tweet #twittwit ^^
id1	id2	neutral	None	where to fit #voyagetovenus in my 6th doctor timeline ? before evelyn ? after charley ? maybe theres a clue in the dialogue #whovianproblems
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hell yea bro the crew gnna meet up in athens on the 17th
id1	id2	neutral	None	no andy rooney on tonights #60minutes ?! can someone make sure that hes still alive ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer hudson , others perform at whitney houston tribute : just before the grammys in february ... URL #fashion #style
id1	id2	neutral	None	... mumbai a against england in the visitors 2nd practice game from november 2 to 5 . mumbai a to be led by suryakumar yadav and
id1	id2	neutral	None	cold cold cold but the sun is rising over twickers . pic.twitter.com/5xc9tjcb
id1	id2	neutral	None	wat happen to the days of big bangs on monday night gettin drunk beyond my years wit my nigga kendall n not having a care or kid n the world
id1	id2	neutral	None	at around 11pm on monday , winans said he heard his son crying and went to check on him . when the concerned dad ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wow .. this is the clip of dublins sunday times journo paul kimmage confronting lance armstrong : - youtube URL
id1	id2	positive	None	URL - how true . think its time for another deus ex playthrough before dx3 is released friday week .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER id have gladly chummed you , but im bikeless in tayside this weekend . free tuesday and flexible wednesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	this saturday ill be playing b2b with dark-e at sjoekoe bday bash ( cherry moon ) . be there !!! full line up : ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	well its sunday . does everyone feel better this morning ? everton will be ok .
id1	id2	positive	None	sept 8 las vegas hard rock , randall the ko king bailey vs devon alexander . 37 year old bailey looking good in his 4 win streak .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012 : footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	omara says political influence was at play in charging of zimmerman with 2nd degree murde
id1	id2	negative	None	if you call me good girl one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region .
id1	id2	positive	None	hello man in pointy , multicoloured , snake skin cowboy boots , a suit and axl roses hair , youve made my friday heart even happier .
id1	id2	neutral	None	come on andy . kids are in bed . dinner is out of the way . 2nd beer is open . 50 hd tv is on . play your game . #wimbledon2012
id1	id2	negative	None	why did i just hear some car driving slowly down 24th street blarring ... elvis presley ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	dhs college connection night - monday , 10/22 - 6:00 , all purpose room ! learn about fafsa , grants , work study and loan programs .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hahaha !! i do look good with a greek child ! im home tomorrow morning so ill try skyping you xx
id1	id2	positive	None	allencarlanz : @USER will be on sarah g live this sunday . don`t forget to watch :3 . she will have her first ever duet with sarah g . :p
id1	id2	positive	None	finding out that its national margarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday thaaat much better #excited
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got done playing mass effect 3 multiplayer for pc for alittle bit . now im gonna watch friday the 13th on the amc channel . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody want to pick me up at lax on november 20 ? haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	somebody tell me what is there to do on friday night in n.o. ? im trynna bring my b-day in the right way
id1	id2	positive	None	proudofallstar ? fuck yeah . lets get it trending worldwide just like we got allstar weekend trending worldwide tonight ! ( :
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER jus found out armins gonna b at exchange sun ;) mighhht go to that lol the tix sold out . imma try and find sum
id1	id2	neutral	None	blog : jets , giants have extensive radio networks - so its a sunday afternoon , and your wife is adamant about draggi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	is the workman vs . lp game this friday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	people been lined out for this gold pack since wednesday night at the florida mall ... smfh
id1	id2	neutral	None	im only a few months away from leaving 8th grade and i alrady know wat university im going to to its going to be the university of denver
id1	id2	neutral	None	just some info on e l james before we settle down into our books on monday ! e.l james was born in london england ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for opening night at madison square garden . will be there for the knicks/heat game on friday ! #fun
id1	id2	negative	None	merril hoge is stupid . im sick of hearing what tebow cant do . he may not be a #1 right now but it took aaron rodgers 3 yrs to start
id1	id2	neutral	None	when i see reactions to stories about benefit scroungers and the lazy poor in the sun , i wonder if murdoch is a latter-day pavlov
id1	id2	negative	None	okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury
id1	id2	positive	None	if your in indianapolis tomorrow swing by the macys at castelton mall from 5:30 - 7:30 . ill be there signing autographs and pictures !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER if you dont know hes the vocalist of the metal band lamb of god and is a sorta a 3rd party candidate
id1	id2	neutral	None	bbsr : autorickshaw union calls for 12-hr strike tomorrow in the city protesting against fuel price hike and cap on lpg #odisha
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER irene thank you very much for your lovely mts today much appreciated ! hope you have a great weekend !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive bitched enough . rt @USER cbs says andy rooney to make his final weekly 60 minutes appearance this sunday : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did u see ? il divos coming to romania ( bucharest ) this sunday ! if id only known 2-3 months earlier !! do u like em ? r u going ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie sheen roast : jon lovitz , william shatner join the mock fest : source : URL --- thursday , septe ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy sixth of may , or whats referred to as national hate the inventor of the margarita day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sheens winning ways get roasted : charlie sheen took it on the chin saturday night at a comedy central tv roast ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	talkin with procter&gamble sound like its the move to make .. but well see come thursday for this career fair
id1	id2	positive	None	watching act of valor . looking forward to #ultimatfighterfridays next friday (: really think @USER has the contract in the bag
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are the rosters released for the rising stars game on sat yet ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	eurovision 2012 party in washington dc on may 26 with live stream from eurosong contest URL #eurovision
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday to the one and only josh bradley ! mwahahaha ! haaamaaazing ! may birthday ang character ni david xd #nanditoako
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol look for the bright tiger woods , not hard to miss me today
id1	id2	neutral	None	my thursday nights arent the same with waterloo road to look forward to ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	view of my schedule for the rest of the week ?? today : work than class , wed : halloween at work , thurs : work young life , friday : work than ...
id1	id2	positive	None	wow ! just found out that jeff timmons will come to malaysia on 16 oct for a week & his wedding ceremony will be held on the 21st in kl !! xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER s sean and ash doing a run though tonight ready for their radio show tomorrow night live 8pm till 10pm @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	taken 2 comes out friday and the afghans will have it saturday guaranteed
id1	id2	positive	None	watching sat morning tv , i would love james martin to cook me breakfast , even though im from lancashire & hes a yorkie , i still would :-) !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER haha if it gets to serious you may wanna call the original ghost hunter ... bill murray #ghostbusters
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you know we are cropping with tammy on friday night ? $10 holds your spot ! patti is making her king cake again ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching sundays harry and paul . good it is too . well-observed and fearsomely dry .
id1	id2	negative	None	lmao . i feel like kevin hart * clappin hands * ... real talk , keep talkin shit & imma smack the shit out you ! you ever go night night nigga ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	nov 16th in natchitoches , la . ya boy putting da belt on da line . its going down . i want my people to be there ... get at me !!! #whoopwhoop !!
id1	id2	negative	None	well tonight is gonna be full of dexter , lotr , fifa , and fantasy football . lets hope this isnt my college life .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol of course !! my fav disney movie is the 1st aladdin ... i love the 2nd one too
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yea i was just thinking that ! btw reece is going to be in kyle and jackie o tomorrow i think ... in the studio
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great chat with top international referee dave pearson . bit in tomorrows journal , & big feature nearer the rugby world cup kick-off .
id1	id2	neutral	None	only 2 spots left for standard first aid with cpr c ! november 5 & 6 , 4pm-10pm in centretown . contact centretown ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its almost time 4 kandi factory cuz march 4th is just round da corner . if u do another season i want 2 try out again . lol im ready !
id1	id2	positive	None	good result tonight , though ! part one of rodgers gamble paid off . have to wait for sunday for part two . if we win that , were off ! #lfc
id1	id2	positive	None	two good abs by hosmer against verlander tonight , even if he has just a walk and flyout to show for it
id1	id2	negative	None	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury : detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sundays game against the minnes ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	playoffs are finally set . chardon plays warren howland in the 1st round . if we win , we play the winner of kenston v . tallmadge .
id1	id2	negative	None	i honestly cannot believe why australia arent taking @USER to the rugby world cup . might not be 1st choice , but still a talent .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER is gonna be in louisville , kentucky tomorrow & i cant go to the show . i guess ill just sit and listen to his music & pretend
id1	id2	negative	None	can not fucking wait for tomorrow night . house of blues will never be the same after @USER @USER and @USER #staymetal
id1	id2	positive	None	nice drive chargers . rivers and romo face alot of same criticism from media romo has the 2nd best passer rating in nfl history #ignorance
id1	id2	neutral	None	for any of those who went to see the dancing on ice tour this year the dvd of the tour comes out november 26th 2012 pic.twitter.com/x9ratltb
id1	id2	neutral	None	for those wondering about when/if murray states zay jackson will play this year -- last friday , msu ad allen ward said ... ( cont )
id1	id2	neutral	None	all you need to know about the ref for sundays game , martin atkinson : URL sunderland v newcastle #nufc #safc
id1	id2	positive	None	has just won two tickets to evanescence on monday boom ! thanks @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos running the strattonfaxon 20k in new haven ct on monday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	working the celebrity power106 game saturday at calstate la $12 at the door . gonna be with kendrick lamar , rick ross , clyde carson , ect .
id1	id2	neutral	None	colts owner jim irsay will give $ 64,753 to victims fund in state fair tragedy = the total number of tickets distributed at tonights game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st official release on @USER is out now ! #eott2 with rmxs from haze & northern lights + instrumentals ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired , option toss on 3rd and 7 #cmonman
id1	id2	neutral	None	#strikeforce results : in an instant mma classic , miesha tate & julie kedzie went to war . tate pulled out the w with sub at ( 3:28 ) of the 3rd
id1	id2	positive	None	* turns off phone and locks door . * i just got season 1 of vampire diaries from mom . im gonna watch it all with anna today .
id1	id2	neutral	None	6 : by the time you conjure the record you might notice #a change in atmosphere , thats fine , whatever may be , is probably related to the record
id1	id2	positive	None	have an appointment at the bellamy tomorrow ... might be moving in there next semester #excited
id1	id2	positive	None	one ticket left for the @USER game tomorrow ! dont miss the rematch of the nfc championship game against the ny giants ! hit me up !
id1	id2	neutral	None	also on west liberty ... it does not play a regular-season game in february .
id1	id2	positive	None	really good day as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on msn ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	. @USER 4a boys soccer playoffs on saturday : wilmington new hanover at garner with a 5 pm start confirmed
id1	id2	neutral	None	whoever replies 1st with the correct answer wins 4 tickets for sesame street live , sat 10:30 am performance at rupp , and an elmo plush doll .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the lionsxii will face atm fa on 5 october , in the first leg of semi-finals at jalan besar stadium ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	in an ideal world oregon and boise state will win sept 3rd and give power to the pac nw ! #goducks
id1	id2	neutral	None	two guest list tickets to give away for joan armatradings show at st davids on thursday keep it locked to find out more !
id1	id2	positive	None	my moms under the hilarious impression that im spending my saturday loading & unloading furniture from trailers in natchitoches
id1	id2	positive	None	procrastinating . i need to get ready for the 6th district chicago police rally against violence . chi-town cheer will be performing . king dr.
id1	id2	neutral	None	joe corbis fundraising is due tomorrow ! turn it into one of the deca advisors !
id1	id2	neutral	None	sitting in the sun reading keith richards life . the man has some stories ! #rollingstones pic.twitter.com/jes5hwqc
id1	id2	positive	None	my sister and i are going to sm this saturday afternoon to watch lorax . i am so asking my dad for popcorn money . :))
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i would really love to get a ps vita . my sisters 16th is coming soon and she would be overjoyed if she gets one . #ckrcomp
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER omdayss , youre turning sixteen tomorrow , mum sent my cash so im going to do some shopping . anything you want ?
id1	id2	positive	None	andre villas-boas talking like there may actually be some truth to the stories about adebayor wanting to leave :) . great signing .
id1	id2	negative	None	omg worst last 10 days in a while . looking forward to true blood to cheer me up tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER were so happy adambehindthemusic trended in the us & worldwide tonight !! thanks so much for showcasing adam on this special !
id1	id2	neutral	None	video : unsold simpsons stamps cost usps $1.2 million : the u.s. postal service had marked the 20th anniversary of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	she may have failed the drug test for metenolone but no trace of rohypnol or ghb were found in her sample URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#3words tonights the night #dexter @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	see you tomorrow at sm bacolod :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	the daily zap : catch highlights from thursdays action in the nba . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its nov 2 for book swap , not the 4th ! but youll work that out when you follow the link !
id1	id2	negative	None	i just need to chill . cant wait to unleash some aggression at black dahlia murder tomorrow . #gonnaendalife
id1	id2	positive	None	i just realized that tomorrow is friday which means tomorrow is the kingsburg vs . selma game :) #excited
id1	id2	negative	None	14th page in hindu tn edition :( . gadkari was on first page though . media will one day sell india for bread crumbs thown by dynasty
id1	id2	neutral	None	good morning ! listen at 7:20 to score lunch at aladdins natural eatery in the trivia cafe ... and at 8:20 for your tickets to darien lake !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER way to go . i dropped my ballot marked obama off on wednesday in colorado , gives you a good feeling . i hope co goes obama .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha !! well keep going , my hubby gave up on ash wed in 96 & has never looked back .
id1	id2	positive	None	: * : * : * rt @USER ; > ; > :))) rt @USER milan & bontet , 2 things that make me happy last night ... ^_^
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER see what i just did sound s like you saw billy crystal in mr. saturday night . yes ?
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss this tonight and tomorrow ! big day of the dead celebration !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	divine frame along with p*10 presents :: the official south alabama football kick off !! sept 1 at club insanity ! adv . tickets $5 !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	i have not seen a good 3rd quarter from the sacramento kings in forever .
id1	id2	positive	None	#sale mary green silk just married boyshort reviews : here is the one of best product may you have mary ... URL #fashion
id1	id2	neutral	None	#house #music #fb jason vernau live @USER nightclub miami february 25th 2012 : jason vernau is back with some swe ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	have had two very enjoyable nights of carling cup action with arsenal last night and cfc this . will qpr v reading on sunday live up to it ..?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER same here !! the funny thing is that i saw rih exactly one year ago ! on the loud tour november 1 2011 :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	on a sunny sunday afternoon , it could be quite magical . - designer reveals plans for olympic park via @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER flukes famous for something said about here , not anything she did . weird they had her scheduled to speak in the 1st place .
id1	id2	positive	None	im very excited to announce that ill be opening for the amazing @USER again this coming tuesday at irving plaza nyc !
id1	id2	negative	None	playing jacinto on gears3 on guardian fer the 1st time nd its raining wth ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	madonna may have helped paved the road for singers like rihanna , katy perry , gaga etc .. but rih owns that road now .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i love doing that , hey we are running the fox run tomorrow together k ? lets try and beat the record
id1	id2	positive	None	just got back from school :) aaaggghhh he is 18 . ive been having a spazzing attack the whole day :o national bieber day <3 @USER :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol thats dedication :) mind you i have paid for bioshock infinite in june and thats not out till feb lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	join phil on november 8 at the better software east conference in orlando where hell be speaking on how to ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	echo : sex offender is warned he may face jail over offences URL #dorset
id1	id2	neutral	None	shout out to all the girls who will be taking the walk of shame into cvs tomorrow to by a plan b #dressinglikeaslutcomeswithaprice
id1	id2	positive	None	omg i cant wait to see what beyonce is gonna do at the vmas sunday august 28th ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i had a fun day on terra nova . followed by a ho-down at the end of the night . got plenty of screen time . look for the only dancing soilder !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER live @USER fairground ex bengkel 6 oct 2012 . be there lads ... enjoy the show
id1	id2	positive	None	fuck everyone else #dexter is my friend tonight . bring it season 4
id1	id2	neutral	None	#cloud cloud computing and big data strategy - in this ceo power panel at the 10th international cloud expo , modera ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	they are truly changing the world one life at a time . if youre in mesa , az tomorrow come join me and my friend @USER for a fun night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am gonna meryl streep the fuck out of this tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	see you on march 24th . from argentina to miami , no limits for #asot and @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i started soa but couldnt really get into in after the 7th episode . but ill definitely check out spartacus
id1	id2	neutral	None	huntzinger struggles in the 5th , gives up first 2 bbs of outing , strands both runners w/ fly out by #9 hitter , sanchez . #seadogs down 1-0
id1	id2	neutral	None	army wives until i sleep . early and long day tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER clemson sweatshirt came in today , got new uggs and got a couple pairs of 7 jeans ... im ready but winter wont be the same .
id1	id2	positive	None	creighton volleyball leads 8-5 early in 2nd set . match becomes even bigger with both wichita st. & missouri state down 0-1 at home tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	timezones outside of canada seem to confuse me , but im cheering for tonga in tomorrows #rwc opener . at least , i think its tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	you may have find memories of rock concerts at adelaide oval . but how about a film screening ?... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ni**as in paris encore , 2 mosh pits , its too far away to see b , but the 2nd pit failed because of bs security ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont want to talk to no one tomorrow besides evelyn , additi , nathalie , paola & destiny
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going the homecoming game friday ? brookwood vs central ^_^
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos into astrology ? and i mean in depth with it not just sun sign astrology . in other words able to do natal/birth chart readings ?
id1	id2	positive	None	lmaoo ! @USER gonna have to fight me now ... think ima wear my warriors gear tomorrow just cause ... lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	wait whats suppose to be going on tomorrow at cypress ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aww thank you danica ! you are an amazing person with so much talent and love ! hope to see you in miami this coming march .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wait to yall see the jeremy evans from the utah jazz highlight on sportscenter tomorrow !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	#jeopardy where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday ... what is @USER ? #goodanswer
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to ferry corsten at sutra oc in costa mesa , ca - oct 28 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	viola davis in a black & white max mara dress at the 29th annual fashion group international night of stars URL
id1	id2	negative	None	how is the racism , threats , & hatred shown toward entire zimmerman family different than any racism that george may have had ? #hypocrites
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER first , * rondo . 2nd , you know whos higher ? darko millicic , lebron james , carmelo anthony , etc .
id1	id2	negative	None	fran says paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years . age & perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nothing is going to change between now and wednesday . if acta has went this long w/o being canned , might as well finish the season w/him .
id1	id2	negative	None	wow . tiger fires a 63 but not good enough . nick watney shoots a 59 if he birdies the 18th ?!? #sick
id1	id2	neutral	None	goin make my first trip of the season to rupp on monday !
id1	id2	positive	None	lol . so haryana has a day off tomorrow because its haryana day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ipad news : romo will have to keep cowboys in the hunt - dallas morning news ( subscription ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time <3
id1	id2	positive	None	directioners !! now we have to prove that we are a big family !! on friday released video for the song little things
id1	id2	positive	None	rick porcello is not rick wild thing vaughn . i am worried the real ubaldo is back . good thing verlander is tomorrow . #tigers #yikes
id1	id2	neutral	None	today i learned that the new deus ex game is set in detroit : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wow !! lady gaga is actually at the britney spears femme fatale concert tonight !!! she still listens to her music !!! wow !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	wrapping up this jersey shore commercial today . fist pumping all day
id1	id2	positive	None	going to cypress the whole entire day on nov 16 . gonna be seeing all the people i havnt seen in forever .
id1	id2	positive	None	gotta hold down a dub for that flatbush zombies show on the 1st . throw a blunt on stage or sumn .
id1	id2	neutral	None	might as well go ahead and download the parade tracker app . think a zulu float may show up before the bus .
id1	id2	positive	None	feet first has #princetontec headlamps ! hope to so you all at the young life 5k saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday roman abramovich . treat yourself to a nice present in january . i think radamel falcao would fit the bill nicely .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i recommend going to see behind the mask at laguna hills mall on the 30th :) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	having to read charles dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever
id1	id2	negative	None	max might have to get put down tomorrow </3 absolutely heart breaking if i have to see my puppy go . love you maxy x pic.twitter.com/lyhvhl1f
id1	id2	positive	None	realising the brighton game is on sky tomorrow has made my day #bhafc #misstheamex
id1	id2	neutral	None	kevin bacon , paul rudd and 8 other stars to appear in friday the 13th or halloween movies : guess which famous fa ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nascar daytona 500 new journal complete feb 19 , 1978 newspaper from the daytona 500 race URL #ebay
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER pulled off highway robbery to get romo from @USER jk . good trade . ill try to process it so you can start rodgers tonight jer
id1	id2	positive	None	my 1st tweet ever was 2 andrew breitbart . asked him to make fun of michael erik dyson 4 his pretentious profile pic . he did , it was awesome .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER as much as i hate to say it ... saurez , ronaldo , nani , pires i could go on and on he may have a point bruv .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER all the crew at the den university of calgary will be cheering with u next sunday . go stamps go .
id1	id2	negative	None	time may be running out for auburns benton : i knew i wasnt running it full speed . effort isnt predetermined ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER interested ? my exclusive : td bank denies allegation it aided $7-billion ponzi fraud ; 2nd only to madoff URL
id1	id2	negative	None	wilshere didnt play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report hes doubtful for newcastle . why would there be an england row ?
id1	id2	positive	None	happy wednesday !! glad to see iebc blow the first whistle with voting zone list ! mps protest !
id1	id2	neutral	None	wisconsin : remember to vote tomorrow ! consider it practice for recalling walker . practice makes perfect . #wiunion #wirecall #p2
id1	id2	positive	None	so apparently tomorrow is national kissing day . im gonna eat an entire bag of hershey kisses and call it a day .
id1	id2	negative	None	no sir , i am not about to get on spc for hiring young eli to go out there and entertain them white folks on a monday night
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER free agent wr jerricho cotchery , formerly of the jets , traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens . #whytho
id1	id2	neutral	None	a round-up of fridays world cup qualifiers as fabio capellos russia beat portugal and sweden edge past the faroes
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER u wont be able to buy me that latte tomorrow if u work from 3-7 sillly , unless we go to gets it once were with troy and them o:
id1	id2	neutral	None	world music festival rocks city saturday : the next day , she hit alameda to poster the in the days leading up to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#itfc last season #millwall started with 3-0 win at bristol city . 2nd match , youve got it , hull city at home ! omen ! lions won that one 4-0 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a little bit of toolroom tv to get you in the mood for sat night ... filthy rich in the house @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jinja safari have hiccups , catch them live this thursday with opossom and white arrows on the blind date tour URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wilshere didnt play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report hes doubtful for newcastle . why would there be an england row ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER not a very attractive line up . have you got mackems v . mags tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	anyways , good morning . did you know about khader adnans lecture in ramallah tomorrow evening 7:00 pm in ramallah ? do not miss it .
id1	id2	negative	None	russia denies deal with iran over military cooperation in meeting on wednesday - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#safc have brought on former #nufc striker louis saha . the frenchman is 6/1 to score the 2nd goal of this game . the draw is a 9/4 chance !
id1	id2	neutral	None	trey songz will be here december 7 at the fox theatre
id1	id2	positive	None	dear us and australian directioners just knw tht cuz i live in ireland doesnt mean i knw niall r country may see small but its not :) x
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER diablo iii post- 1.0.4 was very generous . they had an immediate maintenance after the 1st 24 hours . generosity gone . * shrug *
id1	id2	positive	None	come out and support #recapo tomorrow at #silentnight on 113th and king dr. from 4- 8:30 pm !!! be the change you want to see .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i will be out of town and will miss this but you should go ! nuit blanche #dc event sept 24 URL @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	good night guys , not in the mood for anything right now :d enjoy today ! to all singaporeans , happy independence day !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER leggo watch breaking dawn on the 17th after the fair ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER i had a chance to show off the star tribunes new ipad app ( launching mon ) on #tptalmanac . take a look ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you for the @USER friday night is music night trailer ... makes me smile and excited every time
id1	id2	positive	None	loving the opening debates rap game kathy crowley october 20 - bruno mars URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	yes , it is us : black triangle sighting in pompano beach , florida on october 28th 2012 - basically it ... URL #aliens
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was dreaming about vampire diaries last night . galing .
id1	id2	negative	None	rick stein saturday kitchen quote fishing is by far the worlds most dangerous job haha #thinkaboutitnobhead
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i am hoping we will rise up again . and make tomorrow a better day ! hercules for president !
id1	id2	neutral	None	klub ace !!! klub ace !!! this saturday !!! $5 with ur college id til 11:30
id1	id2	negative	None	im pisseeeddd that i missed kid cudis show in dallas , it was trending worldwide that night , & all im hearing is positive reviews of lolla
id1	id2	negative	None	i was watching ex-ministries videos today and found out some shocking news about michael jackson !
id1	id2	positive	None	the girl with the birthday cake on her in the birthday song video .. can somebody bring her to my house thursday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	let our nov . 6 vote be in andrew breitbarts name . lets show he did not die in vain ! a vote for romney = a vote for andrew
id1	id2	negative	None	navi rabbit in for spay on tues and shes just had a phantom pregnancy . what timing . this means day of bunwatch and raspberry pi . no city :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	the real mitt romney : ranting about mormonism , jerusalem , the 2nd coming during commercial break on radio - video : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i luv seein all the thik sexy footballers return 2 the gridiron 2day ! <-- *this * and the #sporno that is nfl combine in feb !
id1	id2	neutral	None	what if the world could vote on nov 6 ? france leads the obama camp , including britain , peru , turkey , india among others URL
id1	id2	positive	None	getting very very excited for the birdcage tomorrow at derby !
id1	id2	negative	None	justin is nominated for 5 grammy awards thats weird ? considering that the nominations dont get announced til december ..
id1	id2	negative	None	i can not change yesterday . i can only make the most to day , and look with hope toward tomorrow . ( anonymous )
id1	id2	negative	None	why the hell does selma have school tomorrow but parlier , clovis & others dont ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #justsharing a video bout hebrew letters , its interesting , may it bless ye : by joseph prince URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you need to come to the houston rodeo in march !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want tickets to the thursday game heat vs knicks ( game 3 ) hmm ...
id1	id2	positive	None	victor cruz is happy about his contract negotiations with the giants . tuesday on his weekl URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im waiting for the entire troy football team to pile out of the new music building tomorrow night and pillage the streets of knoxville .
id1	id2	negative	None	3rd one dropped by afghans . this is not how you put pressure . #indvafg #wt20
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i prefer gun oil but ky will do ! head on over i will have dinner ready
id1	id2	neutral	None	on a side note .. we have a show with call the shots and set the record on the 17th of november ! get your tickets from oztix !
id1	id2	neutral	None	syrian delegation withdrew from 1st session of the non-aligned movement summit in iran as mohamed morsi addressed #syria crisis
id1	id2	negative	None	happy valentines day is trending ? ?? but ... its not even february ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER of others ... jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person ... its too late for you ... fuckhead
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER 3 grown adult males watching kung fu panda 2 . on 2nd thought it would be awkward anywhere but hk , land of murses
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saturday i buy my ticket for the #tmhtour in belgium ! im so happy ! :)
id1	id2	negative	None	why i decided to watch the notebook for the first time alone at midnight on a thursday is beyond me , cant stop crying pic.twitter.com/vnwcr3j5
id1	id2	neutral	None	taiwan wins visa free travel to us : six taiwanese tourists arrived in new york on thursday as the first from the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hes on the plane to amsterdam now , bet hes not in class tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	if any baltimore team mascots come up missing 1st person of interest should be billy cundiff ! or the redskins mascot is taken blame him !
id1	id2	neutral	None	bisaa rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
id1	id2	positive	None	had a pretty good night . jogging on the beach , swimming in my clothes . popcorn and family guy . excellent . :3
id1	id2	positive	None	i tell katie theres supposed to be a good firework display in banff this saturday . she replies with oh right during the day yeah ? yeah .
id1	id2	negative	None	niggas is goin die on december 26th when them foams come out .. lol rs .. niggas goin rob you & be like da shoes or ya life nigga lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	i like to think that somewhere in the mid-atlantic , george clooneys looking at the skies and muttering that this may be the perfect storm ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	its going down this thursday @USER signature 2001 lumpkin rd suite #3dollathursdays $3 w/ college id ! everyone else $5 18+ w/ id !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	according to marca , neymar will be moving to real madrid in december 2 days after the club world cup .
id1	id2	negative	None	i have to go to chapel hill tomorrow and the #usps still hasnt contacted me or found my damn speech processors !!! i hate the #usps
id1	id2	neutral	None	is martin atkinson being brought out on wednesday to even it up
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching good deeds for the 1st time and i think i already know how tht movie gonna turned out . smh
id1	id2	positive	None	premier league : west ham v man city on saturday . our preview looks at the stats & has some interesting betting tips : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	florida !! get your tickets to the locash cowboys show aug 26th at boots n buckles . they are selling like hotcakes !!
id1	id2	positive	None	salsa sundays just dont stop ! join your favorite lady dj ms. mar y soul this sunday at iguana for an evening of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch the free sneak peek of the latest season of family guy on itunes today URL
id1	id2	negative	None	why does the knicks/heat game have to come on tomorrow night during bibleball ? oh well id rather play than watch any day !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if i may make another suggestion . d.r.u.g.s. mixtape by flatbush zombies . i know it sounds weird af but trust me . #dopeness
id1	id2	positive	None	mourinho happy with cup win : jose mourinho was satisfied with real madrids 4-1 first leg win at alcoyano on wed ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we get to dress up in halloween costumes on wednesday . sophia grace and rosie in the building ladies and gentleman .
id1	id2	positive	None	gotta remember to bring dionje candy tomorrow , lol he got mad at me today !
id1	id2	positive	None	steve martin , dan aykroyd , chevy chase , john belushi one of the best comedians in sat night live ..
id1	id2	negative	None	will not be going to hari terbuka next friday , have to go to putrajaya
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER is tomorrow the pre-sale for jb in mexico city ? because ticketmaster is making a pre-sale tomorrow im sorry im so confused .
id1	id2	positive	None	just claimed a sandwich after the employee explicitly called out , cheese trifecta for demetria ! not my name or my order so happy tues guys
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER make that 3 lol my practicum is in march ! calgary police here i come lol
id1	id2	positive	None	please be reminded that all proceeds from the kickball tournament benefits the 5th annual i know i can back-to-school drive aug 25 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	attention everybody if you know anyone in troy that is looking to take over a lease . i will be willing to pay half r all of 1st months rent .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have lots of chocolate left-might have to take it to nns on sat ! rt : @USER anyone have an excess of sweeties left from last night ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	make sure everyone comes out to our first opener practice tomorrow at 6:30 at the murphy center in dance studio b !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	ct fashion week presents the 1st annual riviera expo 195 front street ( quinnipiac riviera ) new haven ct ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i do believe trayvon may be innocent or may not , but i dont like it when people gin up mobs & hate even if they dont mean to .
id1	id2	negative	None	i swear if tomorrow any niner fans start tweeting about kyle williams tomorrow , best believe im gonna put you on check .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER may even join you at joseph wright
id1	id2	neutral	None	iron man 3 , hangover part iii , the last friday #2013
id1	id2	positive	None	bust it baby by plies feat ne-yo was my ishhh all 8th grade year ! reminds me of my ex ... in a good way . one of the best years
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to party with tay and i saturday night in troy ?! ;) for real though ...
id1	id2	positive	None	brilliant 85 mins for @USER in the mersey derby . not a bad game for 1st goal ...
id1	id2	positive	None	sneak peak : this sunday is going to be a big day in adventure park ! URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tomorrow , physician of the year dinner & other crap but fluke comes first kay ? i loveth you to infity to the infinitieth power
id1	id2	neutral	None	if there were a category for best drunk acting in the oscars , this 21st birthday girl might edge out mary elizabeth winstead . #magicmike
id1	id2	neutral	None	probably gonna spend the night watching that one episode of merlin that loaded and the whole of naruto shippuden season 7 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	shopping after the bell game saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	we have another skate class this monday at the skate center ! its from 6:30 - 7:30 ! bring yourself and your kids , fun times will be had !
id1	id2	neutral	None	everybody needa fw @USER nov 3rd . doors open @USER ppl w/polo & leggings $5 before 9 @USER on the spins , maino on the mic !
id1	id2	negative	None	why horrible why does the rugby world cup have to be here in october ? im gonna be battling my bday , soul punk and people running in circles
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch out for nigeria @USER gej pre recorded speech tomorrow live from the tape via nta . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	art may or may not be the hardest class ever
id1	id2	neutral	None	qfe : and we must do it again tomorrow . by @USER gandhi , the tea party and the future of america URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jason varitek may return to boston for job with - flash player installation URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	becoming a conrad murray trial juror : showbiz tonight goes inside the jury selection process of the conrad murra ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yes we all know indio vs cv is tomorrow the bell game . its enough .!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching the brilliant rick stein making paella on saturday kitchen live ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oooh nice .. tis tempting to go up the lakes with my nikon ... hmmm i may do that ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just wait till were getting classy with wine on saturday !!
id1	id2	negative	None	i got to piss like a russian race horse in the kentucky derby with a glue trust stuck ahead of him and he in 4th place
id1	id2	neutral	None	last race of the season before leagues and cif tomorrow on a brand new course , well see how this goes #cantdecidewhethertocareornot
id1	id2	positive	None	oh great , weather warning for tayside and im going to dundee tomorrow . hope i dont get stranded up there #help
id1	id2	positive	None	shout out to my boy @USER who fights tomorrow night on the las vegas #rfa card . hes put in the work so i dont need to wish him luck .
id1	id2	positive	None	six good reviews for the new deus ex . im going to pre-order it today , ive seen enough coverage to know its going to be worth a look .
id1	id2	neutral	None	all 49ers fans , go vote for @USER for the 2013 pro bowl . URL you may vote as many times as you like .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see carrie underwood on the 27th
id1	id2	neutral	None	my trick or treating will happen tomorrow night .. at walgreens ... in the candy aisle .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want to watch the vow , so guess whose gonna watch that tomorrow night ,. with tissues ?! --->>> thiss girl :))
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah bro ! girls gone wild is hosting a party friday hahahah . make sure your in shape before bootcamp , otherwise it will suck .
id1	id2	negative	None	on mvc teleconference , it seems jacobson found a lot more things wrong with saturdays exhibition after seeing the tape . #unihoops
id1	id2	neutral	None	1 nov 12 , ... south korea continued to have the highest average connection speed , followed by japan and hong ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on to the 3rd movie - acts of valor . this time we have corn dogs .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lions taken back to den for repairs : if you follow the pride in bournemouth trail today , you might be left scrat ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	damn . if i was able to go today i could have watched the advanced screening of terra nova :(
id1	id2	positive	None	monday night football at #ciscos .. win a chance at going to hawaii for the pro bowl !!! happy hour all night URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday times launches the marie colvin scholarship , seeking future foreign correspondents , under 26 . deadline sept 30 : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im having king cake for my birthday tomorrow . i cant wait . its the best part of getting older
id1	id2	positive	None	i may love asians from japan ! but i have a girl that im gonna marry . believe it ! shes a ghetto ass short girl thats clumsy as fuck lol .
id1	id2	positive	None	it looks like my brother is going to see a$ap rocky tomorrow sigh his life needs to stop being significantly better than mine
id1	id2	neutral	None	classy rt @USER boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	football-gunners wld always go on about arsenals white v black composition . today mufc fields 7 black players . difference is mufc pays better
id1	id2	neutral	None	morgan state calls timeout . its dsu 28 , morgan state 20 with 7:09 left in the 4th quarter . morgan state is going for 4th down at the dsu 22
id1	id2	neutral	None	debating on going to the memphis vs clippers game wednesday or watching the knicks vs heat game on tv #decisions
id1	id2	positive	None	just finished a great photo/video shoot for a nuit blanche fashion exhibit . itll be on display at the pantages hotel on october 1st .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i would think you would do that if you are running for potus . it may be part of your job someday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	james martin makes flowerpot bread on sat kitchen did he steal the idea from @USER ??
id1	id2	positive	None	ok guys . hate on sjp all you want , just remember , you have school tomorrow . #havefun
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i walked out and had trina d/c her ... ill have to fill u in saturday ... i wrote a full pg progress note about it
id1	id2	positive	None	hey dont forget our show at the rex theatre is sunday ! anyone want a ticket contact us ! pic.twitter.com/qe99ciw0
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the clippers are playing the cavaliers on monday and are having a night to honor israel ! :) wish you were in la still .
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to a$ap rocky on sunday at house of blues ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we put a 2nd team out and get beat and you go #rafa ... behave ben !! you sound like a wool calling for rafa
id1	id2	negative	None	rt @USER the guy is a nut , but i will miss andy rooney rambling about something ridiculous each sunday night : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kristen stewart flew all the way to hungary from la to celebrate her 20th bday w/ robert pattinson whos actually filming bel ami der #fact
id1	id2	neutral	None	us : sen john mccain called monday for us to begin another war with airstrikes on syria - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cundiff got released . i think hes outta the league now , especially if that quote on the tl this past sunday was real
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to jesus , cvs , my mom & my mary ... i was able to kick this flu in 1 week ! now to make it w/out my maryjane until monday ! #struggles
id1	id2	neutral	None	with the 1st pick in the classic movie lotto , mark bonnell selects : north by northwest #classicmovielotto ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	*** thursday night friday night dinner special *** salmon & jumbo shrimp 15.95 whole fish ( porgie ) 1.5 lb with lemon ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	names of those shortlisted 4 interviews manyatta constituency by iebc , r pinned on the iebc notice board embu town . interviews this fri & sat
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER ive just realized minotaurs 1st company consists of mostly termies , preds and vindicators lol #forgeworldonly
id1	id2	neutral	None	freaky knight iii going down this friday at fox theatre in salinas . dm me for tickets and info . #dontsleeponthisone
id1	id2	positive	None	rsvp for the annual dinner closes this monday ! be sure you register via the website asap :) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	get your sweat suits ! its november and its time to lax ! practice tonight , game at @USER tomorrow . #fallball
id1	id2	negative	None	sunday dialogue : curing the health system : ... fostered by republicans who place ideology over country , took tha ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	can you believe that the salvation army in goshen is already working on pancake day ( november 16 ) and christmas ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	7pts 4 assts for harden in the 1st quarter ... him and lin gon play aight together
id1	id2	neutral	None	david ruffin trending ... im guessing the temptations movie is on tv ? theyre actually the reason i got into music in 5th grade :] .
id1	id2	positive	None	look out for one ( singapore)s booth at fort canning tomorrow as we celebrate the intl day of peace . kids - and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	making plans ahead of time is best . friday going to go see final destination 5 w/ my mains gem , ariana , brian , drew , & rachael . (;
id1	id2	negative	None	watching ghost rider : spirit of vengeance . its much worse when you may have thought . #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	so many choices of gigs this saturday night . the ibb at the rugby club ( which one , there are two up twmpath ? ) and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rivers to gates , for only the 3rd time this season . keep it up chiefs , fantasy teams need you
id1	id2	negative	None	youd think after not replying to the 3rd text the twat face would get that i fucking hate him .
id1	id2	positive	None	pastor winans will always be cool wit me because tomorrow by the winans is one of my fav gospel songs ! and he sent my nippy home right !
id1	id2	neutral	None	will testdrive the new nokia n9 phone with our newest app starting on thursday :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	deca meeting tomorrow in the media center at 7:30 am . we have a lot of stuff to talk about and breakfast will be provided !
id1	id2	negative	None	will you have lunch with me tomorrow night ? -random hoe thats hitting on castle nooo-beckett
id1	id2	positive	None	cannot wait for mnf tonight come on the mighty swans
id1	id2	neutral	None	would you like to see cornerback champ bailey play in his twelfth pro bowl this january ? 2013 pro bowl voting ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cmon rita i know you can do better !
id1	id2	positive	None	$150 for george strait in march at the houston rodeo ?! looks like i need to start saving ! :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER and ill pull out the kentucky derby picture from 9th grade . #blackmail
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday night football #teamtexans all day & tomorrow ... #mns
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive got 2 tickets to see leonard cohen in rosemont , il on november 23 that i cant use . anyone interested ? face value is about $300 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just realized that im applying to the education program tomorrow . where has the time gone ?
id1	id2	positive	None	uh football boys ... win tomorrow so we can run it in beckys face that she wasnt there .
id1	id2	positive	None	culture ( down town , mon 23 , 1:00 pm ): come celebrate spanish literature at world book day by the cervantes ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	gonna write this paper tonight , turn it in , and not look back at it because i get to go home tomorrow so idc .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mosconi cup from monday 10th to thursday 13th december at the york hall , bethnal green , london pic.twitter.com/h4yxeili
id1	id2	neutral	None	demon gaze , a next-gen dungeon rpg for the the playstation vita [ 1st trailer and screens ] URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i wish the nhl and nhlpa to come to an agreement so i can go to dallas to see my dallas stars in march
id1	id2	positive	None	ive just noticed that @USER reminds me of noel fielding a little bit . i think it may be their strangely wonderful dress sense :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	#auspol australian prime minister julia gillards criminal history and her hypocrisy with wikileaks and julian assange URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just close your eyes the sun is going down . youll be alright no one can hurt you now . the morning light you and i will be safe and sound ...
id1	id2	positive	None	tressa and libby are here but we split up today and we will meet up tomorrow night . i like it here , its alot like minnesota .
id1	id2	neutral	None	after 2 days #fuckuover is the 20th most played song on my ipod . only another 400 or so plays til it beats what makes you beautiful
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully we play more or less the same team as saturday ... garner , ball , jones , hooman , brown , connolly , burnell , keats , low , allen & canham
id1	id2	negative	None	ian going to the game , thats a waste of money because rosedale gone demolish us 1st quater #fact
id1	id2	positive	None	lord i say this prayer today bless the red sox in anoint them for thay shall have victory over the yankees today in jesus amen
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet . theres no chance of looters visiting there .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i think we all knew it would come to this . we sat through 4 yrs of watching a hatred for the potus build up . and here we are
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER flying home tonight and arriving monday ! at florida mall atm but got txt from ba saying its delayed til 2am ! #peak
id1	id2	neutral	None	free download ! adam freeland - morning sun ( endymion bootleg) ! click on the link below & like endymion on facebook ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the memorial of his grace bishop samuel ... may he pray for us ... he was assassinated with sadat on the 6th URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ill be at the birmingham nscoder night tomorrow ( thats alabama , not the uk ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ive had better weekends . but whatever , im going to use today to sleep and watch dexter . and thats perfect .
id1	id2	positive	None	the raiders need to represent tonight !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER stfu wit them excuses ... clippers gonna beat the hell outta the lakers tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	red band end of watch trailer arrives : gyllenhaal and pena vs . the world back in early may , the green band theat ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	alexis sanchez : of course id like to play already on sunday against real madrid . its true i wanted to join in the us . [ via la sexta ]
id1	id2	neutral	None	and the 4th one is for harry styles !! <333
id1	id2	negative	None	khan says chisora wont be the same after his ko vs haye - is he still dizzy from getting put on his ass on saturday ? #idiot
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the grey with liam neeson . one of my twitter friends recommend . and its really good . thanks for tuesday nights entertainment .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mmaweekly radio tuesday : miesha tate , ryan madigan and the best debate in mma URL #debate #front_page #miesha_tate
id1	id2	neutral	None	alabama : trent richardson on cover of si : the junior running back is featured on the august 22 issue , alongsid ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	does everyone not realize the voice is rigged . ie cassadee pope sang in the signed band hey monday . or dia was half of meg & dia .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to go to the bulls game saturday ! weee my first game of the season and papa got me some killer seats !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER kendrick lamar on sunday ! im going to rub in how good it was ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	for my 10th & last pick , i went for d-will ! derrick williams hehe sana mag-breakout na with beasley & johnson gone
id1	id2	neutral	None	jay paterno , former penn state assistant football coach and son of joe paterno , said sunday night that he was at an event when a ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its ok ; i understand . i though i was gonna die when i sat so close to the stage at your concert in greensboro last friday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	5 minutes to learn what the raspberry pi is all about URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kalispell mail processing center to close by march : kalispell -- the u.s. postal service has announced it will c ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	of course im not home when my team in town :/ @USER knicks vs celtics preseason game in albany this saturday ... who going ??
id1	id2	positive	None	on tha real tho ... i dont care if you never go to your schools young life , you should definitely go to all city tomorrow night ... #yl
id1	id2	neutral	None	crazy how sports economics have changed . larry birds rookie deal was 5 yrs , $3.25 m total . 6th pick damian lillard will make $3 m this yr .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saturday , i buy my ticket for the #tmhtour in belgium ! im so happy !
id1	id2	neutral	None	lets see if melo can lead the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget that the amazing georgie fame is bringing his smooth style rhythm & blues and his famous hammond organ to @USER 14 nov
id1	id2	neutral	None	sasa will be having the first ever bhangra bootcamp on november 7th - 10pm at cif ! only $5 to learn from our very own nacs 2012 champions !
id1	id2	negative	None	absolutely gutted . wish i could watch rt @USER lloyd robertson set to end 41year run as national news anchor tonight URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER runako morton died in a car crash a west indies bats man charity event at the rhum jungle cottons tomorrow family need support
id1	id2	negative	None	yesterday is the day the atomic bomb in japan . i embarrassed as a japanese , was a moment of silence for the first time .
id1	id2	negative	None	cant believe that lloyd robertsons last broadcast is tonight ! end of an era . who is gonna keep my grandma company at night !?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i recorded the wanted on celebrity juice so if anyone missed it , ill stream it again on saturday if anyone wants to see it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER prototype quadrotor with machine gun ! visit fps russia a 5th mission impossible film ? ( : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	watching kandi factory ... dam i could have made the show cant none of them sang ! lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday nite after the dwc reading raided sound garden ... 3 dvds & a cd 4 $20 ! cruising home 2 raphael sadiq . friday note in cny .
id1	id2	neutral	None	girls gone wild -->> club roar going be a zoo friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is there any improvement in the european weather . i need sun and heat . i have developed webbed feet here in scotland !
id1	id2	neutral	None	gov . mitch daniels will announce his indiana supreme court pick at 10 a.m. will the 3rd time be the charm for a female member of the panel ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	spb is bringing @USER one week from today ! see you next tuesday at 7 in constitution hall !
id1	id2	neutral	None	nfu unchanged for the 4th successive game tonight : nicklin , gardner , peat , king , anderson , hunter , bolder , muldoon , bradshaw & williams
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yo dude we should chill tomorrow , i hit up cole and luke and so far they are willin to chill so it would be us 4
id1	id2	positive	None	ravens play eagles on the 11th at 730 ! #getpumped
id1	id2	positive	None	birthday cake is gonna be the song leading us into 4th quarter , count it .
id1	id2	positive	None	tune in tomorrow for a brand new kena pluck !!! this one is good ! also , michelle chong brings almost famous to the oscars !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	long day work , g37 meet , marijuana march and avengers . all sick nonetheless .
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ info ] taetiseo will perform on love in asia tomorrow ( 11/02 ) at 02:30 pm ( kst ) , kbs will broadcast the concert on 13 november at 07:30 pm
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my older brother is going to see tenacious d on sunday and dave grohl is going to be playing the drums there !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	im hanging out with green day tonight ... gonna invite the 4 non blondes to join us after a while ... i love music
id1	id2	neutral	None	may fall asleep on the couch watching ou and eastern #naptime
id1	id2	negative	None	oh my god everyone please stop talking about the steelers tonight . we are not playing . we are irrelevant tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	just finished making a possible pre game cd for tomorrow nights game against bob jones , thats how ready i am for the game #goodnight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER will be at irving plaza nyc , no doubt ! will be the 4th show ive seen so far . the band that saved , inspired and showed me life .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jose mourinho : ... so i think tomorrow the match will not be far from those characteristics 2/2 #halamadrid
id1	id2	positive	None	im like .. why the fuck happy valentines day is trending on the 12th of june ? but anyways , i just knew that it is celebrated in brasil . xx
id1	id2	positive	None	rainy day , got alot done tho . registration tmrw morning ! rdy to eat din and watch sons of anarchy , cant wait for the new season ! #stoked
id1	id2	negative	None	usa golf today bob ryan : tiger now a jag ( just another guy ): bob ryan of the boston globe called tiger woods ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	enter our competition to win a london childrens map puzzle just follow and rt . closes tomorrow @USER dont miss out ! pic.twitter.com/iktacehe
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER all aboard ... 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there .. #tweet_yah_later enjoy
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i think the tapes are march/april while soundwave is dec
id1	id2	positive	None	check this video out -- happy hippo - the lions sleeps tonight URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i cut 6th period just so kevin didnt have to be in art by himself , im such a good friend !
id1	id2	neutral	None	arsenal ladies are 0-0 at ht with ffc turbine potsdam in their womens champions league last 16 1st leg clash at borehamwood . #wucl
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER he waited to long with lennox he should of finished him , both klitschkos seem to wait till the 6th and 7th round to finish people
id1	id2	neutral	None	talking of bond & skyfall , variety , the childrens charity is holding the premiere on nov 7th at sylvia park . tickets @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiffany , cnblues yonghwa and b2sts kikwang mcs for the sbs k-pop super concert nov 10 via magicsnsd URL
id1	id2	positive	None	michael clarke looked reasonabley comfortable against the gordon cc 1st grade attack today .. #player #cheersforthenetboys
id1	id2	neutral	None	uk : @USER safe house is only 99 pence on kindle today - a steal ! get it or the #audiobook now . ( will not work for us - us pub in dec )
id1	id2	positive	None	were excited about our cinemonkeys session before the lorax next wed 31st - perfect half term entertainment ! cm @USER lorax at 1.30 pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	fca tomorrow ! what does a butterfly , a circus and you have in common ?
id1	id2	positive	None	#rungeordierun should be given a heros welcome at the arsenal game on saturday @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER again it was a thurs watching nadal game and tried to type ffs ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i need an nns ticket for sat . anyone got any ? nope but should be easy to get 1 at the track
id1	id2	positive	None	nba is back !!! my main man jj starting at the three for sacramento kings gets chance to show bulls even more of what they lost tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i better have a seat by you and katie tomorrow ! can you say #party ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	bowling comes to downtown disney ! splitsville is scheduled to open in december . check out how the construction ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nick was the 1st one pinned in the elimination chamber .
id1	id2	negative	None	looks for tom boonen but knows hell be face down in a mountain of sherbet . race day tomorrow . prep of pros
id1	id2	positive	None	august 14 is pakistans independence day ! get ready for the celebrations with a patriotic picbadge URL . thanks @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	every time i dont have anything to do , ill watch the shows i stopped halfway . lol and its teen tops mta today . :p
id1	id2	neutral	None	battle for the 17th banner : royal rumble basketball edition
id1	id2	neutral	None	potential upset alert : the wichita wild only trail the allen wranglers 27-33 with 2:33 left in the 3rd quarter .
id1	id2	positive	None	watching kevin hart dvd . i will not be going back to sleep tonight . im bouta be rolling .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no live nba game tomorrow ? only postgames of knicks/heat and clippers/grizzlies ? pls air the game of knicks against heat live .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER and wont take much time . i thought your views may be better presented to cycling world in poland if you say sth more directly .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this vote for gameday bit is preposterous lol . texas a&m and nc state have 300,000 + votes , nebraska is 3rd with just 30,000 ... mn has 68 ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer aniston & drew barrymore : fill in the blank ! : at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on sat ... URL #hollywood #news
id1	id2	positive	None	nothing against ecl and isat , but it sure is nice being in my own apartment for work . will be even nicer tomorrow when i set up the desktop !
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody in the #dmv want to buy a pair of anthony hamilton tickets ? dm me for details . the show is tomorrow at constitution hall .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER pretty cool names . i have one cat , a black cat named merlin , who leaps on my chest in the middle of the night . a heart attack soon
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will ky play in rupp for the 2 and 3rd rounds of the tournament . plz reply
id1	id2	positive	None	this friday at the arlene francis center !!! kinship , not to reason why , echorev , girls in suede and iditarod ! doors at 7 :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	rumors say it is tangled and it may replace beauty and the beast at studios and aladdin at dca . just a rumor for now ...
id1	id2	negative	None	ghost rider : spirit of vengeance was a lost cause . you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie . and then you decided to dig a hole ...
id1	id2	positive	None	#betstylelounge this saturday @USER will be turnt to the max ! come see me and @USER rock out ! 35th and king dr !! pic.twitter.com/30fmupli
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER an informal networking day about digital publishing , bethnal green , 8 nov ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tryna get in the bed witha .. and put my 3rd leg inna
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going yo watch the lakers vs heat game in miami february ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	machete star danny trejo and david hasselhoff to guest star in the 4th season of sons of anarchy URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER naww , she got friday , good deeds , & 21 jump street .
id1	id2	neutral	None	[( vhl ) american hockey league ] mon apr 23 2012 10pm : devils 3 at americans 4 : i dont know if the game stats are ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos all going to the @USER show tomorrow at rex theatre ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	mort zuckerman , wsjdont be fooled by the headline unemployment number of 8.1% announced on friday . the reason the number dropped to 8.1% ...
id1	id2	negative	None	khader adnan may be released , but the struggle continues . 1,600 palestinians are on an open ended strike as of today to mark prisoner day .
id1	id2	negative	None	the prediction machine loves kc + 8.5 tonight . kermit has fucked me every thursday . went w sd .. so im gonna lose cuz thats how it works .
id1	id2	negative	None	israels red line on iran : 240 kg [ of 20% enriched uranium ] // number was put to netanyahu and he did not contest it . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	harry redknapp is set to hold talks over the blackburn job on tuesday as he prepares for a return to management ( mail )
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hell no dont feel bad !! i hate the heat ! i respect wades game though but i dont feel bad for wade losin on his bday !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	van pelt birdies the 17th hole to get to -21 . he needs to birdie the 18th hole in order to force a playoff w/ nick watney #cimbclassic
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow during bachelor pad . rt @USER @USER do you know if tonight they announce the cast for dwts ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	fright night with meek mill & machine gun kelly @USER national guard armory october 27th @USER bbod will be opening hit us for tickets
id1	id2	neutral	None	citys excellent peformance today ( apart from defending ) i realised what a tough season it will be for everton @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	imaaa get it tomorrow . (;
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just heard that you are coming to mexico city on the 25th ! im so excited ! im doing everything i can to get tickets for the show !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the show on sunday is at the house of blues in cleveland . the photo was taken at water street music hall in rochester :/ #happyhalloween
id1	id2	positive	None	buy 1 get 1 free tiket the greatest hits tour blue , a1 , & jeff timmons 98 degrees only for tommorow 19 feb puri mall & pondok indah mall 1
id1	id2	neutral	None	#sportsnation just ranked auburn as the 4th best team in #sec with arkansas at 5 . if au wins 3 league games , a surprise . @USER #awful
id1	id2	positive	None	#cfc @USER is the best of the premier league ! his overall ea sports player performance index score : 217 . ( 1st place ) #matamagic
id1	id2	positive	None	chick in my class said flacco is the best qb in the league . 1- why is a chick talkin football . 2 . i cant wait for class tomorrow lol
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone else find it entertaining that ash wednesday and national margarita day fall on the same day ?
id1	id2	positive	None	lowering the bar may have found the first recusal motion to cite girl scout cookies . URL thin mints are criminally good .
id1	id2	neutral	None	finished signing up for the sat and act
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER also the way to go at zacharys is the stuffed mushroom and spinach . excellent . ( note : this opinion may be out-of-date ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER dongwoos reaction to 7th rank is just hilarious !!! xd
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its pretty cool , thats for sure ... uswmt wc , usmnt , epl on sat . mornngs on all on espn along with summer euro matches #fun
id1	id2	positive	None	when did wilt chamberlain have time for basketball ? : tuesday marked the birthday of greatest athlete to come fro ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the best mom award goes to my mom for getting me tickets to go see carrie underwood and hunter hayes in concert this sunday ! #ahhh <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	estella has become really dramatic all of a sudden . its really cute now but i feel like at some point it may become a problem #girls > boys
id1	id2	positive	None	my yahoo scoreboard is already showing the lions game vs cincinnati on friday . #areyoufreakingkiddingme
id1	id2	neutral	None	since the droid bionic is coming out on september 8 , i really have some deciding to do between it and the supposed new iphone .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer aniston & drew barrymore : fill in the blank ! : at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on saturday , jennifer a ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER youre saying perseverance in all instances . that doesnt mean #occupyauc is equivalent to 25 jan revolution . see the diff ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER woosahhh its courtney ! long time no see from 1st lady !
id1	id2	positive	None	lloyd robertsons last newscast is tomorrow night . the end of an amazing career . and honestly , the end of an era #thatsthekindofdayitsbeen
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday means eggs benedict and florentine at the iguana ! another beautiful morning , come on out and enjoy the pool and 2 x 1 bloody marys !
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to walgreens tomorrow because i know theres gonna be a sale on halloween candy .
id1	id2	positive	None	brook lopez the 2nd best offensive center in the nba he not ass
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER louis saha could become the 8th player 2 score 4 6 different pl teams this weekend . can u name the 7 whove dne it ?
id1	id2	positive	None	otw back to la salle !! hehehehe watched unofficially yours for the 2nd time w @USER & @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	benesch spins and fires from close in and puts a low bounce shot past rose . assist to pires #wla @USER 4th goal of the night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah im like , 20 minutes from west liberty . text me the name of the stadium tomorrow . ill put it in my gps .
id1	id2	negative	None	im really sad about michael jackson today .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER thats what i figured . we suspect you may be experiencing some issues related to the storm , maria . were working on it ! ^dgm
id1	id2	neutral	None	may of witnessed a girl punch a guy in the face last night and tackled him to the ground at davos
id1	id2	neutral	None	youre going to breath the same air as song joongki tomorrow @USER grrr
id1	id2	positive	None	may the odds be ever in your favor , aussie directioners ! aha ! ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER its almost 2 am in bkk but i cant sleep after the game . it isnt the 1st time we lost cuz of ref .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey #redarmy , vote for your @USER to be part of the all-star game on december 22 ! go the south ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i really wanted to go see plies tomorrow but all the ratchets gone be in there so ill pass lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER o ok they got me off today wed & friday but ima talk to zachary to see if i can work split shifts the rest of the week
id1	id2	neutral	None	missing half the day for the tok speaker tomorrow and friday is a day 6 . chill week
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dethklok is having a tour :) theyre coming to chattanooga dec 6 with machine head . black dahlia murder and atr . im going :)
id1	id2	negative	None	was going to watch brooklyn nets - new york knicks tonight but it got postponed , knicks gonna get butt-fucked by miami tomorrow :(
id1	id2	positive	None	buzzin to see santino , zack ryder , aj and layla turn the lights on at braehead tuesday hahaha #woowoowoo
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER do you expect tomorrows last lap to be action-packed like todays nns ? a g-w-c would be interesting . #thrillingclimax
id1	id2	neutral	None	actors have the academy awards , recording artists have the grammys , and now .. djs have the gsas !! - nominees announced tomorrow 10/9
id1	id2	neutral	None	apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul : san francisco ( reuters ) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of its s ...
id1	id2	positive	None	kendrick lamar may arguably have the best hip hop album of the year in my opinion
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER mallshow with the #pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy , divine , deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza , april 30 , 6pm ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL jarred cosart talks about pitching in afls rising stars game ... and coming to houston on friday URL
id1	id2	negative	None	friday night knicks vs heat if you not watching the game wit me dont fuck with me lbs i be engaged like a mf #knicksnation #teammelo
id1	id2	positive	None	yes !! allowed to go to the @USER concert in oslo in may !! :d now all i need is to get those tickets ...
id1	id2	negative	None	did all my homework thats due in for later this week instead of the homework thats due for monday and tuesday , twat
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i hope that is sept 11 or you are merlin living backwards in time
id1	id2	negative	None	false start penalty , garner moved early . brings up 3rd and 16 from the yale 47 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#redskins qb john beck will start friday against the colts despite a strong performance by rex grossman .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL george harrison here comes the sun original
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i was confused as well . i guess its always saturday night at the ritz carlton . oooh lala .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i uploaded a @USER video URL kristin chenoweth arrives at the 2nd annual hero dog awards
id1	id2	neutral	None	a little 90s rock set crowd pic at jumby bay in jupiter ... saturday ... we rock the thirsty turtle in port st lucie :) pic.twitter.com/aaxgt2wf
id1	id2	negative	None	star wars visionary becomes one with the force : artist dies at 82 star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie , w ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER oooh . haha . well unfortunately i really shouldnt watch another tonight . although i might . but itd be blue which will make me
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER nooo rosanne ! theyve just restocked them and me going overseas sunday means i cant afford them :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wait so if you were emmalin on army wives , why arent you still acting ? if i may ask . im just so confused haha
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you should attend @USER champs this fri/sat/sun : top 12 roller derby teams in the world , we play indianapolis 8pm friday !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	my xbox live ends tomorrow :( mw3 and gears3 all day ! hit me up !
id1	id2	negative	None	... but if i say wilt chamberlain is the 4th-best player ever , its the start of a long , fruitless argument that no one can win . [ 2/2 ]
id1	id2	neutral	None	western force kicks off new super rugby season on the road - herald sun URL #melbourne #news
id1	id2	neutral	None	bjp must clarify charges against gadkari : congress - the congress wednesday asked the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	our daytona 500 is on wednesday ! shootout and duels on tuesday . thants to @USER for letting us use some rules . rules 16 to the end .
id1	id2	positive	None	this may be the happiest day of my life im so proud of my ncs football brother you did something i never had a chance to do
id1	id2	negative	None	dont be surprised if we end up waiting until november 16th to find out who the next potus is ... #ohioprovisionalballot URL
id1	id2	negative	None	we will explain the true cause of the london riots on the front page of the sun : immigrants . hero police will also get a headline .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#redsox saltalamacchia is the 4th catcher to hit 16+ hr in back-to-back seasons for bos . others : carlton fisk , rich gedman , jason varitek .
id1	id2	neutral	None	truck will be doing a private event and the cart will be at the lent space on 6th ave and canal st.
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiger woods mistress charged with dui : you may remember jamie jungers as tiger woods fourth mistress to come ou ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabine t.t heres no chance of looters visiting there .
id1	id2	negative	None	2nd night parker has been on it .. boy oh boy
id1	id2	neutral	None	if your still running windows xp , then it may be time to upgrade to windows 7 to ensure you receive latest upgrades and support in future
id1	id2	neutral	None	found the limited edition of midnight sun . but since b2sts oppars are going to work on a new album . im not going to buy the 5th mini album
id1	id2	negative	None	protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow @USER theater 2:30 pm . bring a friend ! #soapurdue
id1	id2	positive	None	yelling im so proud of my son trayvon hell be getting acknowledge in tomorrow assembly he is student of the month . just thanking god !
id1	id2	positive	None	just had the amazing @USER pick up her bespoke fascinator for derby tomorrow , love this time of year #melbcupcarnival
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to all who came down to mardis gras in july at the fullerton downtown plaza last night . all proceeds went ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tgi fridays was good ! going to the moves to see rise of the planet of the apes .
id1	id2	positive	None	i may not have been in much but you guys made it the best season ever @USER @USER maria , and syd i love you guys
id1	id2	positive	None	got some more great pix and vids tonight in chicago ... not sure when theyll get uploaded , since im headed to detroit tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2 . hurrraaah ! its a back to school special
id1	id2	negative	None	today was my countrys independence day , went to the festival n they played american music the whole time o_o ?? what the hell is the point ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	its conference championship weekend at ncs !! come out tomorrow to cheer our raiders on to victory in the vic and ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nikon has once again proven its a small world after all with the latest ... - herald sun URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	my sons teacher is married to a former auburn football player . i think ill put him in all bama gear 1st day of school ! #rtr
id1	id2	negative	None	i havent talked to you since july 19 th and all you can say is so do you like beyonces new cd gtfo
id1	id2	neutral	None	vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	oneils barber & beauty open right now ... 449 acadian thur ( next to chicken shack ) $7 all even with a line back 2 school special(domino only )
id1	id2	positive	None	get the skinny on metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22 , price is $499 : good news for metropcs custom ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	topic on the morning news : does detroit need a white mayor ... pause ... wtf ?!?!
id1	id2	positive	None	but rest assures i am watching degrassi , and loving it may i add . (;
id1	id2	positive	None	im so gonna snatch up all the leftover #halloween candy at cvs tomorrow #letmeloveyou
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER no thank god it died down tuesday morning , i woke up and it was gone ! we just need to recover from it ! plus nj might have a
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good to hear . im racing saturday in new castle at blue diamond . then have a big ride day sun with one of our distributors .
id1	id2	neutral	None	trip to fredonia in the works for this friday . looking to play on valentines new table . msg me for more details .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ok , whos going to dethklok , black dahlia murder and all that remains in oakland nov 26 ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi there dj janice .. can you play cold summer nights by francis m . in way back wed .? this is for you starlight .. :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	exhausted but buzzing after day 1 of #yalta2012 . need sleep , vitali klitschko speaks tomorrow , might challenge him to an arm wrestle ...
id1	id2	positive	None	roger johnson looked good on tuesday . looks like he wants to play for us now . hopefully hell show why we paid the money for him ! #wwfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	me : little early for ash wednesday isnt it ? stranger : thats a birthmark !
id1	id2	positive	None	apples increasing skeumorphism - the wood and leather effects - tim cook canned scott forstall URL no more dodgy effects
id1	id2	positive	None	are there any aussie directioners from canberra ?? going there on the 12th of september would love to meet some more aussie directioners <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	ss4 - 1 mikko 10.45 , 9 - 2 petter +0 , 2 - 3 novikov +2 , 5 - 4 mads +6 , 9 with puncture . still 3rd o/a . latvala stopped . #rallyitalia
id1	id2	neutral	None	dublins street pub come join us for open mic . thursday , as the party continues here at dublins street pub . $ ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i got a call from bcc saying the college is open but christian texted my dad saying bca doesnt have school tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER obama is weak because he could have done it alone with the 14th ammendment when he knew that congress would block it .
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you st david for $7 parking on a home game saturday . #aff2012
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie sheens winning ways get roasted on tv : los angeles ( reuters ) - he may have looked like he was ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i better meet steve on the brooklyn bridge today .
id1	id2	negative	None	im listening to the a capellas of the 2nd law and appreciating how bad ass bellamy is . not that i didnt already know from his other albums
id1	id2	negative	None	but my bday is tomorrow and i have to spend it in natchitoches away from my family <<<
id1	id2	neutral	None	storms are starting to pop . storm motion today in tampa bay is nw at 10-15mph so if you see dark skies to your se ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	me and @USER booked in to see a good day to die hard on february 14 2013 ( valentines day ) .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the mantra from republicans to democrats today is , if you dont like our plan , then where is your plan
id1	id2	neutral	None	jane lynch hosting the emmys this sunday . guest presenters : rob lowe , ashton kutcher , melissa mccarthy & lea michele #emmys
id1	id2	positive	None	man was that jets and cowboys game awesome or what . great entertainment thats for sure . time to hear some hank williams gettin rowdy tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	photoset : jeremyrennerseyes : jeremy renner at the 22nd annual film independent spirit awards , santa monica ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi tancredi , today spurs are again being linked with romas pjanic . any truth in the rumours of a january move ? #thfc
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrows monday and im looking forward for it . will be hanging out with an old shatec friend of mine , ying . manhattan and ice-skating . :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	everybody tryna get these galaxy foams .. yall not hip that the year of the dragon 2012s come out on saturday also ?? smfh #hypebeast
id1	id2	negative	None	disappointing to see the uk govt issueing reassuring messages to tehran URL maybe they were influenced by @USER :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER they launched the day of the carling cup final , did you not see the dont buy the sun posters ? #dontbuythesunanyday #jft96
id1	id2	positive	None	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypts 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to #egypt !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow is the last day for early voting here in nevada , if you havent already go vote !! dont wait til tues . to do so ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER well tomorrow you have to share a bed with ash ... i dont really know what is worse !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	winter storm watch remains in effect from monday evening through wednesday morning for the smoky mountains . 4-8 inches of snow is possible .
id1	id2	positive	None	yeah boiii #entourage tonight , so pissed that theres only 3 epsdes until it ends . oh well on the up side #dexter season 6 starts soon ... ish
id1	id2	negative	None	not sure if i want to go to eng v holland game on wed , only got tickets coz of arsenal players , might not feature now :-(
id1	id2	neutral	None	source says wrs dorin dickerson and juaquin iglesias , te jeff dugan and ol donald thomas worked out with steelers yesterday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#media #us #ru klitschko is big hit with ukrainian voters : kiev ( afp ) - ukraine prepared saturday ... URL #eu #uk #obama
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you competing in la ? im playing a show in la with ar on friday night ! come hang out ! we are at on the rox above the roxy !
id1	id2	negative	None	back to norwich city tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we couldnt fit it all in on monday ... #shopping #norwich #addicted
id1	id2	positive	None	dishonoured is awesome ! not quite sure where to rank it . journey and walking dead are one and two . i think its 4th behind mass effect 3 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if i can get my equipment working correctly we will have a live show on friday at 6 pm cst with contactee ray ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cmon cmon does sound like queens we will rock you somehow ...
id1	id2	positive	None	sun ., july 29 , 2:30 pm rock n roll , the opposites , & our greatest hopes -- a celebration ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	february 13th desperation day the most awesome day of all time #true_story
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER love ! i love all the episodes with kristin chenoweth ( she plays april rhodes ) . im a fan of hers ( obviously ) lol !
id1	id2	neutral	None	todays 1st&10 debates ! did ne just win the super bowl getting haynesworth ? odds nnamdi signs w/ jets !? can reggie bush help dolphins ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	community , cougar town , friday night lights , glee , mad men , modern family , six feets under , skins , terra nova o the wire ???
id1	id2	negative	None	krul crocked , just putting it out there craig gordon britains 2nd most expensive keeper is without a club ? #nufc #safc #ftm
id1	id2	neutral	None	kaka committed to real madrid : he may have been on the periphery of the real madrid squad since jose mourinho took ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#wednesdaywisdom from the old @USER alsip sign : do it now , since it will be yesterday tomorrow . pic.twitter.com/vc9dxiwj
id1	id2	positive	None	hm , saturday with joey , lauren , dj , and laura sounds about right ;) #happybirthdaydj
id1	id2	neutral	None	rick stein has set up his camp in spain - according to saturday kitchen . state the obvious why dont you :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	dante cunningham getting all 12 1st qtr minutes at four and led minny w/ 8 points . imagine itll be all derrick williams in 2nd qtr .
id1	id2	neutral	None	**( dm )** me the 1st thing that comes to ur head ! when u hear some1 say : one direction , harry , louis , zayn , niall or liam the boys
id1	id2	negative	None	#new #shit 10 things to know for friday : the u.s. postal service , on the brink of default on a second ... URL #new #swag
id1	id2	positive	None	how badly i miss andy carroll . knowing that the derby game is tomorrow , he always played very well and scored against blue noses .
id1	id2	negative	None	our wacky wednesday promo , is going a bit ground hog day !!! i say our our wacky wednesday promo , is going a bit ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you say . sunday ill be at the wikipedia womens workshop . can meet before or after that .
id1	id2	positive	None	got a lot of work done tonight , kinda proud . tomorrow is gonna be a good day , happy friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sat here watching celebrity juice again 3rd time today with my mum .
id1	id2	positive	None	field trip to october 12 ! breakfast at jungle island , meet deca members from other schools and find out what deca is all about :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	starting to make our wicker lanterns today for the bemmy winter lantern parade ( ion 8th dec )- get involved free public workshops at acta
id1	id2	positive	None	ugh i finally got time to watch b2sts 3rd anniversary with eng sub and oh my god i love them i just cant these dorks ksghskjfghksfjgsg
id1	id2	negative	None	badly judged joke from herring . joke may not be about rape but reference to rohypnol always evocative of such , no matter the intent .
id1	id2	positive	None	spurs manager andre villas-boas was proud of the commitment shown by his men after they held off a fast-finishing southampton on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER not sure what to say . i guess well all be happy when nov 6 passes . ill support whoever is next potus . but obv want romney .
id1	id2	negative	None	when trayvon touched my shoulder in 7th period and tried to hide like it wasnt him >> lmfao you can see his tall ass anywhere !
id1	id2	positive	None	good to see real progress on the cleanup and rebuilding in henryville , in from the march 2nd tornado . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to go to the movies on saturday to see final destination 5 (:
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER good morning , hong kong ! meme pa ang kasama ko , may headache :( whats the jap resto again in lkf other than ippudo ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	bmp is coming to the volstead ! grand opening hh this fri 5-9 . what are you gonna order first ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you guys realize that summerslam is this sunday , right ?? why does the card have only 4 matches right now ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	duels official ... this saturday ... at out of the bedroom be there !
id1	id2	positive	None	fyi - the ridiculously adorable ladybug larry bird gives his 1st piece of candy to is our producer/ director chris kochs gorgeous daughter !
id1	id2	negative	None	bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling dempsey on the 2nd . illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are .
id1	id2	neutral	None	and once again , the first game james and me play in te latest 2k is : heat vs knicks . for the 2nd year in a row . we always go back and fort
id1	id2	positive	None	attention @USER fans !! come worship with him august 16th , 2011 gmwa marriott florida ballroom tampa , fl @USER dont miss it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	b2sts current nominated position for mama 2012 best male group ( 5th place ) best global group ( 4th place ) artist of the year ( 8th place )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do you have chocolate ? sunday is national chocolate day .
id1	id2	negative	None	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app : apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the companys error-ridden new mobile map ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	while watching family guy on fox , just saw a nfl on fox promo for the bucs v chiefs game for friday ... #jacked
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER may get a wider training gig somewhere . hard to play super rugby when you weigh 47kgs though
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER so you wouldnt have regretted selling pires after his 1st season ? i think its outlandish to base all your judgement on 1 season
id1	id2	positive	None	hey daryl ! great connecting at anti #fracking colorado . excited to have you in next issue . deadline is nov 15th . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 90s night in the kremlin next friday , bring your best whigfield costume
id1	id2	positive	None	she is the perfect theme song for a homie out on saturday night with a bottle of rohypnol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im going to be at your santos party house this saturday for the weird by weird standards party . stop by and well rage !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	today : sefton v @USER home 12noon - including presidents day ; 2nd xi v @USER away 12.45 pm . lets hope the forecasts wrong !
id1	id2	negative	None	just watched project x for the 1st time , im unamazed .. yall hyped it way past what it was ..
id1	id2	negative	None	pushing myself like no tomorrow to study for just a little more - not feeling good about tomorrows physics exam though . #4days
id1	id2	neutral	None	might have too skip the scrimmage tomorrow , i gotta see the heat beat the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	hope @USER lives it up tonight .. love you mama .. will visit dallas soon :))
id1	id2	neutral	None	just witnessed the 1st ever black king of endymion
id1	id2	neutral	None	3rd day in a row catching my mom watching sophia grace and rosie #obsessed #shelikesrosie #seriousfan
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt : @USER all fans of toni gonzaga she there @USER plaza albay legazpi october 30 tonight 8pm @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	so people are already camping out in nyc at hoh for the galaxy foams that come out friday ! dont these people have jobs/lives !?!?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER some of the calgary runners heading to nyc are going to be cleaning up debris on friday at rockaway beach . great story .
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is the first day of work for the southern indiana blitz build in henryville . as you may remember , last ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	postal plants to shrink , 28,000 jobs at stake : the u.s. postal service announced on thursday its moving forward ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	olive gardens dinner today & dinner tomorrow special , for the person who thinks hey , that was terrible ! wonder what its like microwaved ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER former nhler pavol demitra among the 44 dead in the russian plane crash earlier today .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mainland police repatriate wanted fugitives to taiwan : police on the chinese mainland on thursday repatriated 10 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	soul train oct 27 halloween special ft t . dot finest rocking the mic ... crazy cactus night club .. adv ticket $10 wt out costume $15 ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER watching cannavaro on the 2nd even more embarrassing .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER randall bailey is due to defend the title against devon alexander in texas on september 22 .
id1	id2	negative	None	i totally forgot justin biebers is going to dallas tomorrow * loads up the ak *
id1	id2	neutral	None	we goin to spend the day at my job tomorrow ( jungle island )
id1	id2	negative	None	and to the 2 girls in front of us that sat down and played temple run the whole time , why did you even come ? #confused
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER no back to watching jim hensons fattest character pitch the 8th #brettbeakermyers
id1	id2	negative	None	open source misconceptions fading : it web : south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the world in ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	edsall gotta play the gregg williams tapes in the locker room before the game tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone out there know how i can go along to the rugby expo at twickers on nov 14th ? #takemeimyours
id1	id2	negative	None	i just realized that thalia is going to be tortured tomorrow for an hour lmao
id1	id2	positive	None	jam at the blue diamond . tomgrant band will thrill and delight patrons and jammers alike . good excuse to get out of the house . ne 20th&sandy
id1	id2	neutral	None	so evelyn is giving me until saturday to tell my parents or else shell tell them . ugh . i just haaad to tell her ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	w00t . rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to machine head at sala razzmatazz in barcelona , spain - nov 15 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoyed the flotus today in fl ! @USER u r brilliant ... simply put ! glad i voted saturday #obama2012 #duval pic.twitter.com/0szz0xm7
id1	id2	positive	None	northern lights sale tomorrow following the wexham cup bull sale ; sale of elite female holstein & jerseys ! a real treat of a sale ! no trick !
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyway , ill be looking the other way tonight . as you may have guessed , im going to a halloween party as joe paterno .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER when douglas adams wrote restaurant at the end of the universe , he may have had japan in mind . #hhgttg
id1	id2	neutral	None	it is a big day in henryville as students displaced by the march 2 tornadoes finally return to class at their new ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	extra point is no good . its dsu 28 , morgan state 20 with 5:02 left in the 3rd quarter .
id1	id2	negative	None	madison dont wipe your black lines off !! its like ash wednesday , you dont wipe that shit off .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i forgot gg was released on psn today . ill get it tomorrow , one more day of missing 10+ years of competition wont kill me .
id1	id2	negative	None	speaking of king cake , the 1st time my mom had some , she ate the baby . got stuck in her throat and she had to got to the doc to get it out .
id1	id2	neutral	None	vb : #ue drops to 5-10 on the season after a sweep at wichita state tonight : 3-0 ( 25-16 , 25-16 , 25-17 ) . aces play at missouri state tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants magic ? how about our magical morocco retreat , march 16-21 ? camels , souks , spa , gorgeous riad ... oh and yoga ! pic.twitter.com/ih4bjzqd
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ima hit u up tomorrow . aye i still laugh at that ufc beer pong from u had in the garage at az lolll
id1	id2	negative	None	kinda sucks , he missed my classes graduation over something he may or may not have done
id1	id2	neutral	None	end of an era rt @USER rt @USER andy rooney , 92 , will make his last regular appearance on @USER this sunday cbs just announced
id1	id2	neutral	None	woods sputters in third round at bridgestone : tiger woods slipped further down the leaderboard saturday after ca ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can you guys please update the schedule in the association mode so that the knicks can play the nets on november 26th . thank you !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i didnt want to just pop up ... but yep we have chapel hill next wednesday you should come .. and shes great ill tell her you asked
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonights wwe raw takes place from the hp pavilion in san jose , california . confirmed for tonights summerslam ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bye clemson going back to greenville , be back on monday morning or sunday night . no game for the weekend .
id1	id2	neutral	None	look out for the goon tape by rocket droppin tomorrow and underdogs do win by yung brodee i got beats on both this shit dont stop ! #wescoas
id1	id2	negative	None	valentine day has been cancelled .. what ? why ? how ? you may be asking . but you see its simple math .. 14-2-12 = 0
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER while the met may not be perfect why dont you piss off to somewhere like mexico city if you dont like it !!?? #tottenham
id1	id2	neutral	None	presidents day is this coming sunday ( 9th ) at the windmill starting at 1pm . arrive at 12.45 for pairs to be drawn - all members welcome .
id1	id2	neutral	None	westbound into the u . s . - ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks 20 minute delay-cars clear
id1	id2	positive	None	#nowplaying linkin park - lost in the echo . i probably havent listened to them since the 5th grade but this song is actually pretty good .
id1	id2	positive	None	ayyye !!! baby girl fresh will be at the house of blues in december ! make sure yall come out and support ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	start your weekend off right at east tonight with pure friday . enjoy delicious graze dining from 6pm and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER october people have principles .. & argue passionately for them , about them & act on them . ghandi , sadat , adt , me !
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see the lakers tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i recorded some diablo iii . and i will edit and upload it tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to walgreens tomorrow for the 75% off all of the halloween candy ? i am !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the boys will do promo in sweden today ( november 2nd ) and they will perform on sweden xf tonight , live stream here URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER picture its 9pm , rural nebraska truckstop , snow flurries , february , starving . food options at food court . yikes .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see @USER at the house of blues september 18th ! #stoked
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we cant wait to see what the cast members at capt . eo do when they see me tomorrow in my costume .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gotta get my liver/kidneys ready for saturday -- cinco de mayo ! or , as i call it , national margarita day #2 .
id1	id2	positive	None	... gandhi said , be the change you want to see in the world . in this simple sentiment we can find hope ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER imma know alot about it next saturday , imma be at morgan state but imma slide down to d.c. for a hot second
id1	id2	neutral	None	lauren goodger may reportedly be in training for the next series of dancing on ice , but that doesnt seem to have stopped her from ha ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	and if youre from maryland , early voting has been extended until tomorrow at 9pm . please go vote !
id1	id2	neutral	None	this thursday at backstage live #piercetheveil with my baby <3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning to you martina !! i hope your day is great too !! :) is it hot where you are ? its steaming here in bama !
id1	id2	neutral	None	psa : since i got my cast off , i will be taking my 2k talents to the playstation network and asking for names to play me saturday morning !
id1	id2	neutral	None	big bang !!! anyone going to lax tomorrow morning to see them ? #bigbang #gd
id1	id2	neutral	None	britains out of the recession ? i give it till february .
id1	id2	positive	None	il divo - isabel love this song very much ... 1st time came to spain n hear this song , i fall in love with song .. URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	theres a bit of pj harvey going on today .
id1	id2	neutral	None	austin rivers strugglin he like 1 for 10 just got his first bucket mid way threw da 4th
id1	id2	negative	None	the ending to the grey may be one of the most bad ass endings to a movie ive ever seen
id1	id2	positive	None	belated post : i actually really liked the steelers 1934 throwback uniforms from sundays game against wsh . people just hatin . :p #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	4th album out #red , #20millionswifties , 6 grammy awards , 10 amas , 13 bmi awards ! reigning entertainer of the year acm ! #6yearstaylorswift
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just commented : looks like newcastle will be without krul & coloccini for monday night ... in the everton fc app URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	putrajaya says determined to recover nfc funds : kuala lumpur , oct 29 - putrajaya said today it i ... URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	if espn has a hank williams are you ready for some football ? song for tonight , i might pass out with happiness .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have to pay attention what to ask the universe : tomorrow starting a course on astrology and its antroposophical interpretations . :-o
id1	id2	positive	None	heres a great bioshock infinite trailer for those of you that need a tease while waiting for its february ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i havent worn makeup since ash wed . ;o <3 i dont like it anymore .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sats kids club is a halloween special ! labyrinth ( pg ) with spooky treasure hunt+ activities from 10:30 am . directed by jim henson
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER where is the 14th coming from ? oklahoma ? clemson ? i see sec going to 16 before 13 .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER come on romney i may not be able to vote from britain but i completley support you !!! good luck !
id1	id2	neutral	None	to go to astrology night tomorrow or to not go to astrology night tomorrow . that is the question .
id1	id2	positive	None	ranked 2nd in the bcs ! which is pretty much first because bama isnt even real . just another great day to be a wildcat .
id1	id2	negative	None	they better take joe pa to the pet semetary ... they may never win agdin
id1	id2	neutral	None	pictures of the day : 18 october 2012 : a playful amazon river dolphin , usain bolts shoes and mick jagger . URL #photography
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER my guess is the kissing too . obviously they dont hear him as they pull apart when max walks in tomorrow x
id1	id2	neutral	None	rattlestick recommends imagining madoff ! check it out on sunday at 3p at the jcc in manhattan ! more info at URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i dont see c . edwards doing anything but racing hard on thurs in duels on @USER im sure he will be smart though !
id1	id2	positive	None	dear march , im gonna live my life no matter what we party tonight cause its national bieber day ( y )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey since you asked me yesterday this is what the king looks like aka anderson silva aka the spider URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	met slum village , just blaze , and 9th wonder . saw fred the godson , raekwon , nipsey hussle , and trae the truth perform , all in one day .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i miss sunday nights where mob wives came on then stevie tv would . now i gotta put up with this chicago bullshit and no stevietv
id1	id2	neutral	None	special conference call tonight the 7th at 7:30 pst - 10:30 est featuring doug wead ! doug is going to give us a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wait what ? im already confused :p if youre gonna be in muscat in may , well probably meet up then !
id1	id2	neutral	None	have you ever forgotten to get a valentines present ? your chance at feb 17 #bonjovi tix coming up ! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	zionsville students did well on istep ! see the results and quotes from school superintendent scott robison in tomorrows paper !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER if cundiff is still the kicker come sunday im starting a riot .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER waheed proposed mdp to join the gov prior conis verdict . 7 feb controversial power transfer refrained mdp joining the govt .
id1	id2	neutral	None	all my passengers i aplogize for the tardiness of the 2nd half of the dual single magic but its dropping soon ... staytunned !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	today in hockey history - october 12th : on this day the toronto marlies of the american hockey league ( ahl ) play t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im hooked on horse racing .. ive been to the del mar racetrack in san diego .. and now i wanna go to the kentucky derby ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	at a live basketball fantasy draft ... sort of . i got the 7th pick . got melo , monta ellis , iguodala and ibaka so far
id1	id2	neutral	None	o yea btw imma be in clemson on thursday ... i tryna get a early nigga knock going on
id1	id2	negative	None	premier league team done ready for tomorrow . bit of a risky tactic that might backfire in week 1 ! now to get ready for nfl ff draft tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may get showtime for dexter and cancel after it is over . october 2nd !
id1	id2	negative	None	ugh had iss today , gonna have it tomorrow too -_- #gay
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday dining is always amazing at volare restaurant chicago with friends and family . we recommend starting your ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	roma enjoying a run in the sun pic.twitter.com/mi6hcu86
id1	id2	positive	None	i just talked to melissa mccarthy . so happy she won last night . she called to offer me a role in bridesmaids 2 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wish i could go to church tonight :( i really do have a reason !
id1	id2	negative	None	i really hate to think it , but the same type thing thats happening to miami could happen to alabama tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	psn tuesday : assassins creed 3 , okami hd : you can buy all the assassins creed you can handle on psn today . both ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	david miliband on #bbcqt ! this is going to be a wild thursday night !
id1	id2	positive	None	wow my last rt . its only been 4 years since verms arrival . hes now captain and will make his 100th start for afc on sat . time flies .
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to rocking it out at romas in louisa on saturday night !!! hope to see everyone there !!! no cover !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER ... so far , wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing . <<< -___-
id1	id2	neutral	None	amanda knox case : the obsession with what happened that night in italy #amandaknox URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if you thought the london riots were bad just wait til the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez tonight got cancelled
id1	id2	neutral	None	in an odd sort of clearance sale , the kremlin announced on monday that it is putting up a draft horse and a pony ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer shows he could play in midfield v bayer leverkusen : bayern munich may have ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	steve jobs biography may be available in time for the ipad 3 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i can meet you at sylvia park tomorrow at lunch if you wanna stay over this weekend ?! but i know you have vou course so lmk :)
id1	id2	positive	None	going to see kendrick lamar with @USER in jan :d
id1	id2	positive	None	going to see rise of the planet of the apes next sunday . when @USER first appears im going to shout draco malfoy ! :d x
id1	id2	negative	None	sonic on ost is the worst place in 3rd ward !
id1	id2	positive	None	congratulations norwin high school marching band on getting 1st place at the towson boa regional !
id1	id2	positive	None	twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpes awesome hall of fame speech . well have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	doug wead we are not out , we are up ! the fight has just begun ! URL vote ron paul tomorrow tuesday 5/15 in #or & #ne #peace
id1	id2	positive	None	ed sheeran fucking loves minnesota tho by the end of his taylor swift concert , it will be his 7th time performing here , 4 of them in 1 year
id1	id2	neutral	None	nba news : the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at msg on saturday ( australian time ) in their season ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so into this movie good deeds i may be in love with tyler perry ... s talent .
id1	id2	neutral	None	real madrid and i are #takingittothehouse tonight ! #fifa11
id1	id2	neutral	None	q : what is the weather like in italy in november ? and is that a good time to travel there ? #italy #weather #ipad URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	catch supersport united vs bidvest wits at the lucas moripe stadium at 15h30 on saturday live on ss4 #ssfootball
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just became the mayor of sun cellular - sm sta . mesa on @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	low-fat oasis - edmonton sun : low-fat oasisedmonton sunpoor noel gallagher -- up there all alone with his new ba ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	why does everyone want to give eli manning credit for every win . the truth is sundays game should have been a blowout .
id1	id2	neutral	None	n vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday . : trainer wil ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ill never forget that first girl i was crazy about in 5th grade . i still got her valentine day card in my secret safe .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rt URL please vote for arsenal gaming im 1st on every wii ladder and want to hold it
id1	id2	positive	None	eh , em ... attention ! true blood is on tonight , oh yeah ! sink ur teeth into it ! lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	today in the lounge : comedy central has the real billy t , and antonia ! is coming for bon temps vamps . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wanna go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight !
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to going to carrow road with my brother tonight #coys ( he mustve forgiven me for my behaviour at white hart lane in april )
id1	id2	neutral	None	next gigs will be 10/23 @USER sandwich theater with singapore slingers and 11/7 at bryan st. tavern for wed . night jazz with my quintet .
id1	id2	positive	None	just pre-ordered the droid bionic . pick up from the verizon store next friday ! :-) @USER nc ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to celebrity juice tonight !
id1	id2	positive	None	matt & trey on 60 minutes tomorrow . i havent been this excited for a segment since andy rooney learned about cordless phones .
id1	id2	negative	None	ecuador worried about assanges health - ecuador says it is concerned about the health of the wikileaks founder , jul ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	us stocks down on greek crisis : us shares were closed lower wednesday , erasing earlier gains , after the market w ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	vronsky in the philippines ? banana karenina banished otrivia to siberia last monday night at red lion tavern !
id1	id2	neutral	None	week 1 nfl story lines : steelers and ravens , together again : beyond the packers-saints opener thursday , the high ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	captain america , angus young ac/dc , and kermit the frog . levi , mad-dog , and i did work . one more tomorrow . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL heres what dixie is saying about stansbury . be sure to check out mark watsons preview tomorrow URL
id1	id2	negative	None	is this cif piece meant to be funny ? i mean , other than in the unintentional sense of being ironically humourless URL
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to go see @USER beat canadas rugby team tonight in glendale , co ? send them off to the rugby world cup the right way ?
id1	id2	negative	None	hope i get to catch monday night football tonight , havent got to see a game yet ... its only preseason wk1 , but feel like ive missed a lot
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 3rd floor isat on the roof youll see it when you walk up the stairs its on the right
id1	id2	neutral	None	if i said lady gaga is at britney spears concert tonight ... would you hold it against me ??? #britneygaga #clichehiamplug
id1	id2	positive	None	afterwork social @USER s . king dr. from 4-9 saturday . steppin , food , drinks . 5 days work and sixth day for relaxation .
id1	id2	negative	None	this mess is coming towards us tomorrow . spc has a slight risk out for tomorrow , and well know more about what it ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hmmm .. thinking that now is a good time to win the lottery . #311day2012 in vegas and #311cruise in may ... decisions to be made !
id1	id2	neutral	None	game # 6 what group are they in dream high 2 =) URL <<- like the page 1st ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER so excited about cannibal corpse , ive seen devildriver twice but thisll be my 1st time for corpse . oh and black dahlia murder !
id1	id2	positive	None	a great read with your saturday morning coffee . im voting for a pres working on social justice , tolerance , & equality . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mma - espn.com: espn video : on the night of his explosive win , dan henderson relives his ... espn.go.com/video/cl ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sportsnation just wont let jeremy evans dunkface go . this is the 3rd time ive seen it all week . still funny though
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday ! we do believe in magic ? what about you ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	real good game here : laguna hills stuns dana hills with 4th quarter comeback ( video ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	zumba tonight at 5:30 pm at balance fitness . 370 davenport ave , 3rd floor new haven ct . see you there ladies ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nokia n9 , blackberry bold touch clear fcc : the nokia n9 , as you may remember , showed a bizarre twist in the comp ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i like how u mentioned cowboys 1st rt @USER nfl network tlk abt the sme teams evryday ! cowboys , jets , steelers , ravens , colts , packers
id1	id2	negative	None	ghost rider 2s a bad movie compared to the 1st .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sat on a bench and my feet couldnt touch the ground . 1 , drexel , shorter benches please . 2 , god , 64 thats all im askin . #asianboyproblems
id1	id2	positive	None	last day of our max conference here at twickers with mark and eric up presenting the roadmap after an awesome 1st day yesterday #maxcc
id1	id2	neutral	None	iditarod check-in : its 8:45 am ak time , where are you @USER deedee jonrowe mushes on a swamp as the sun sets ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just realized facebook is using bing maps now .. URL i guess it makes sense given that theyre partly owned by microsoft .
id1	id2	positive	None	hey la music folks . you going to #hardsummer aug 4&5 #losangeles most significant music festival . go destructo ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	look how far theyve come since july 23rd 2010 . they have a smash album , brit award , and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER chinese ? on top of the international holidays , we have chinese new year eve , chinese new year ( day 1 & 2 ) , chap goh mei ( 15th day )
id1	id2	positive	None	pacers had a very solid 4th quarter comeback victory . paul george played fantastic in the 1st quarter but disappeared after that
id1	id2	neutral	None	wednesdays rain ( 0.01 ) @USER brought the monthly total to 3.24 which is still nearly a half-inch below normal ( 3.64 ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	space and @USER were the place tonight . the sun ra arkestra was brilliant . @USER centre URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER going sylvia park tomolols and den night market l8ter on that same day and then early bed and sunday idk aye ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey christopher , would you mind going to florida , between the 21st of august to the 4th of september ... thanks <3
id1	id2	negative	None	sad i wont get to see @USER on the challenge : battle of the seasons tonight :( i guess ill have to wait until next wednesday ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	little story . my dad asked me today , who is silva fighting tonight ? and i replied yushin okami . 5 minutes later my dad asks ...
id1	id2	positive	None	eto o ! the ultimate multimedia star on #sarahglive for the 1st time ! :) toni gonzaga !!! :d happy8thmonthsarysarahglive pic.twitter.com/hqsvjaj9
id1	id2	positive	None	hoping to look fit tomorrow on the jeremy kyle show #itvfashion
id1	id2	neutral	None	what teams do you think may get transferred/moved in the future ? i can only see the sacramento kings , phoenix ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 25-21 warriors at the end of the 1st . bogut looking good in the opening 6 points in 6 minutes 3 rebs . steph looks a little nervous
id1	id2	negative	None	merlin ! ive been up since 3am and have a busy day today . just kill me now .
id1	id2	positive	None	won tickets on the @USER show with @USER to see @USER at @USER this sunday . toms from alsip , right ? ;-) #harvey
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER didnt br want to ship him out in the dempsey deal ? hes 6th choice at min behind ll , ja , sg , ns , jj . who will take cole and co ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	book swap , saturday at 2pm ! well bring the cookies ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	doing two keynotes in #kc tomorrow URL . goint to #nascar today . i want to see if i can sit shotgun with danica patrick .
id1	id2	neutral	None	eagle bancorp completes sale of $10 million of common stock : nov 1 & ; - eagle bancorp inc . ( nasdaq : egbn ) , the par ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday night thoughts : i was checking out the box scores from the american hockey league - this box score c ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	girls gone wild ! @USER @USER just a little bit of fun in the sun !!! @USER @USER #fun #sun #par URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	registration for the blue diamond almonds shamrockn half marathon opens november 1st at 10am . if we reach 1,000 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we thought wed never see the day - axl rose does 1st tv interview in 20 yrs and shows up on time ! watch : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER go to the bell game tomorrow ill take you for . a littlle whippa
id1	id2	neutral	None	2 games left in the division : vs wsh at fedex on a monday night , at home vs . phi last game of the season
id1	id2	positive	None	machine gun kelly concert tomorrow with the best sister in the world (: #girltime #realtalk (:
id1	id2	negative	None	interview at kfc tomorrow , how the fuck im going to understand a single work said idek , i hardly understood the interview set up
id1	id2	neutral	None	rip to capt . walbridge of #hmsbounty . fair winds and following seas wherever you may be URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	britain may be in for a new bout of flooding in the coming months , the environment agency warns , as 6 oxon waterways remain on flood alert .
id1	id2	positive	None	hermione , sun drop girl , and danica patrick . theres something ya dont see every day ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dr. mohammed morsi announced as egypts first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER any truth in this interview with harry redknapp tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	tickets for the france , belgium , netherlands , germany , denmark , norway , and sweden tmh tour go on sale tomorrow ! good luck ! :) via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	uploading a new video tomorrow ! nandito ako ( jonya ) fanvid , the first cut is the deepest ( cover ) & elevator - david archuleta ( short cover ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what * id * like would be for you to do one of those cooking segments on saturday kitchen . that looked marvellous . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	mr. travis took the sats in the 7th grade ! #nerd #fact @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	next sats kids club film is the lorax with more fun n free activities before the film from 10:30 am , film 11:15 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER got you in 6th rd . have a great year ! here we go steelers , here we go !
id1	id2	positive	None	ill stop the retweets . great screening . big audience at l sq . next showing rich mix , our spiritual home . awards on sat . curzon mayfair sun .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have either just made an awesome king cake for work tomorrow ... or the worst darn thing to ever hit a persons mouth ... we shall see
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yep . once its lost , it can never be returned . i was in constitution hall last fri . got chills . so much history was almost lost
id1	id2	neutral	None	the exchange club of winona and the eagles club will be hosting taters for tots to raise money for child abuse prevention on october 31st ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	#signsyouneedtogrowup you still hit up the skate center on friday nights
id1	id2	neutral	None	elimination chamber is going to be in st. louis may 19th .. i have to go .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hoping i can somehow make the volleyball game tomorrow #please
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 4th from the bomb squad ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	how do you say , delicious !! in spanish ? #riogrind is gonna have @USER hanging out on saturday . latin fever ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this president talking about growing the economy is like billy cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the 4th quarter .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is last year when roger sanchez took over set nightclub ... this saturday he invades space miami ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER - hope you have been entered in the marie colvin prize at the sunday times , jess .
id1	id2	positive	None	on this friday morning , as i await news of my fate , i want you all to know that turbo lover is my favourite judas priest song .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if it makes you feel any better cbc national is doing a feature on the kinder morgan pipeline wednesday night . #defendourcoast
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER well then , have fun not trick or treating . ill be in br doing it wednesday , and thursday in zachary . bitch .
id1	id2	negative	None	kevin rudd talks about pm betrayal - updated : 19:00 , sunday oct 28 , 2012 senior labor mps are again batting divided ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	last night for @USER lloyd robertson . a sad day for news , will miss that deep voice . #legendary
id1	id2	positive	None	watching when harry met sally , how i love that movie !!! a ) its nyc b ) its billy crystal and meg ryan :) what a perfect start to friday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	confirmation that the army v navy at twickers is 27 april 2012 , weekend off again !! #piginpoo
id1	id2	positive	None	mbaaah ! shut up & sleep or sit down ! (((boom)))*i love nohle * rt @USER wish i could fly to irene just 2 get my good night kiss !! #sigh
id1	id2	negative	None	yesterday the #nhl cancelled games up to november 1st . the winter classic and all-star game could be in jeopardy soon .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER mate , how are you lads enjoying andy carroll over there ? can we have him back in january ? were a bit desperate !
id1	id2	neutral	None	look for mondays edition of the record for full package of stories , photos and more about fridays plane crash
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER morning simon , r u going to see cowboys and aliens preview on monday or tuesday at lpool one ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone watching the davos game ? someone told me nash may have hurt his shoulder . better not be true !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER courtney !! do you know if that emotion scrapbook thing for health is due tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	going through my 7th grade yearbook just makes me laugh . #memories
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tell that leprechaun joe silva to make @USER vs the pot head nick diaz in december ...
id1	id2	negative	None	im going to bed after this last episode of family guy .. ive been hella tired , && ima get all the sleep i can stand in before thursday
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have a test over the trojan war tomorrow so i guess ill watch troy tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	got a bit of sun today ! cant wait to tan tan tan ! nz weather i love you ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER a dance on december 8th for all the cheerleaders in the district at east
id1	id2	positive	None	trill young savage finna walk around the crib naked tomorrow tho . best believe !
id1	id2	positive	None	aaah , just got silent house in the post !! :d gonna wait to watch it until tomorrow or sunday though !
id1	id2	positive	None	not gonna lie journey to the mysterious island may be a kid movie but i think its pretty fuckin funny
id1	id2	negative	None	#nofucksgivinfebruary just dont give a shit about anything , this may pose a problem on valentines though
id1	id2	neutral	None	the team id like to see play for everton tonight , howard , nev , jags , dist , baines ; osman , rodwell , bark , billy ; becks & saha . #efc
id1	id2	neutral	None	bird on the wire is one of the 1st songs i learned as a child . and now daddy and i go see leonard cohen ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for september 6th the new season of sons of anarchy starts woo hoo :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	gm sat slide down big bangs #jayz will be in the building
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER theres a shop in auburn called morning glory as well . dont know if its a toy shop !!! #unbelievable
id1	id2	neutral	None	teaching , then rehearsing . show with the gnr tribute band this friday in cranston , ri at mardis gras !
id1	id2	positive	None	if you missed it , secret rebel base celebrate may 4th by celebrating ralph mcquarrie : URL #starwars #may4thbewithyou
id1	id2	positive	None	awesome talk from awesome @USER in the star apprentice class tonite on social media ! just in time for super tuesday !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow , okami will be released on psn in hd . cant wait to play it again ! to me , its one of the greatest games ever made ! #okami #clover
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah thats wha im doing tomorrow . your topic seems interesting as fuck . lol my shit is on malcolm x . but ima just
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow im going to the knicks vs celtics game ^.^ cool
id1	id2	neutral	None	lpg consumers can now fill up kyc form till nov 15 : the government has extended by 15 days the deadline for fill ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes , its doable . i was at bkk from march 1-4 at night then flew to europe on march 5 in the morning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	updated #packinspain blog with some stat totals , like lorenzo brown and c.j. leslie with double-doubles : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	premier league team of the week : van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny , a ... URL #football #soccer
id1	id2	positive	None	lipa 4:19 URL beat the bad weather join us for our taster sessions wed and thurs at joseph wright centre
id1	id2	neutral	None	headlines : nadal confirms for mexican open in february : rafael nadal plans to play at the mexican open in februa ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	panellist from world bank presentating on understanding the potential for youth and women and wat may help guarantee success #gcard2 #c22
id1	id2	positive	None	#trayvon my daily tweet ( 10-27 ) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 245 days ago ~ may you rest in peace ~ ( we must never forget you . )
id1	id2	neutral	None	will be at manly market & mittagong on saturday . crows nest fair and kiama market sunday . hope to see you there
id1	id2	positive	None	free dinner for everyone in highschool in edmonton at rahma mosque saturday night @USER its going to be fun :)
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you abs-cbn and bcwmh for the fantastic episode today . tomorrow again . i cant wait to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we has our first meet in london from 1-4pm saturday , 3/11/12 then we have one in belgium on the 8/11/12 which is 11-2pm be there !
id1	id2	neutral	None	wsoc dispatched nebraska today & landed at #1 in a preseason poll - check out the action and interviews from today - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	edgar davids pulled on his boots to lead bottom of league 2 barnet to their first win of the season on friday night URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER well tuesday is a busy tv night state-side . im still not done with the latest ep of hart of dixie !
id1	id2	positive	None	the comedians from chelsea lately will be at the fox theatre tomorrow ! im so excited !
id1	id2	positive	None	life is good , imperial woodpecker sno-balls are back ! 124 macdougal b/t 3rd and bleecker . bring on the king cake ! @USER #snogood !
id1	id2	neutral	None	this was on the 30th of october , and consequently the castaway of tabor island had been a prisoner in granite house for nine days .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody want to hang out saturday or sunday ? florida mall ? premium ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	it feels like friday .. i been all over starkville today , just cruisin n shit
id1	id2	negative	None	all i know is marana girls are bad as fuck and white if the ones at the party i went to with jaylon on saturday were marana tigers .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mashed out to niggas in paris in the club while in paris ... as cliche as it may sound . #weouthere
id1	id2	neutral	None	my official bday weekend kicking off party friday sept 21st @USER bodi and going out with a bang grand finale @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	and the 2013 nba all-star game will be played on february 17 at toyota center in houston , texas . need i say more ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	miami going into msg tomorrow night and gonna embarrass the knicks
id1	id2	positive	None	experience the excitement of the nuit blanche , an all night art and culture festival in paris : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yo im excited for royal rumble might book that monday off work so i can watch it
id1	id2	positive	None	sept 11th , sunday night football , cowboys vs . jets ... oh boy oh boy , i cant wait to see the cowboys ruin the jets opening day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	may i get a lucas scott for a sleepover tonight ? please ! #dalalwantslucasscott
id1	id2	neutral	None	this sunday is the p . e . r . c . hs family movie matinee ! come out this sunday november 4th from 3-5 pm in lumina theatre to watch the lorax !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you sure it was quo ? they were the first act on , queen werent 2nd im sure of it
id1	id2	negative	None	if it was barcelona that scored that 2nd man united goal you would all be breading them . haters .
id1	id2	positive	None	can it be february 26th already ? URL bioshock infinite looks amazing .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeaa im still lookin smh ... may have to go to the adidas store . the asian dudes wear em 24/7 .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck tomorrow night . youll be great . also , samoas and thin mints = great way to warm up the crowd . #mmm #socomx
id1	id2	neutral	None	what would happen if you lost access to your google account tomorrow ? - i actually dont know . hahahaha !
id1	id2	neutral	None	mallshow with the #pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy , divine , deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza , april 30 , 6pm ! kitakits , taongbayan :)
id1	id2	negative	None	ghost rider 2 sucks compared to the 1st , my mom ash are looking at it and i told them the same haha .
id1	id2	positive	None	so its supposed to be in the 30s sat night in natchitoches !! @USER @USER better be lucky i love them !! #missyallboyz #itscold
id1	id2	neutral	None	program alert : @USER will be having a debate whether or not boise state can win it all ! check out the show today at 11am mt ! #bsufootball
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think you can get them on ticketek ? and they go on sale tomorrow .. i think ... :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i know the feeling . in my country we dont celebrate halloween too , but we have a pancake day in february , so its the same ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	hisds chief financial officer will retire in december : URL i hope the rest of the finance staff will answer my questions !
id1	id2	neutral	None	with amare out , thinking the knicks may start either jr smith or chris copeland . if its the latter they start , hopefully hes productive
id1	id2	negative	None	dual policy of lpg pricing not acceptable to public , suggestion is that govt . should rationalize the price which may be upto rs . 600/-
id1	id2	neutral	None	girls night out-friday night-november 2nd . fairfax police gym - #jazzercise . 6-8pm . revercomb dr. fairfax , va . potluck following the dance !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER u just hold out to ash wednesday #letthemknowthecraic
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to going to the colts game this evening !
id1	id2	positive	None	alan pardew comparing colloccini to bobby moore is like comparing wanking to sex , everybody knows that the 2nd choices are 10x better
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER were on a normal recording schedule again , mondays around 6:00 pm eastern , would that work for you one monday ? 2/2
id1	id2	positive	None	looks like my return flight is scheduled for november 9 , of course its subject to change . at least im stranded in jerusalem , what a city !
id1	id2	negative	None	indian air force may not go with israel a second time URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	a three-month-old boy was found abandoned at a platform of the chhatrapati shivaji terminus ( cst ) on saturday night . pic.twitter.com/qffifznn
id1	id2	neutral	None	polar dust is hitting black dahlia in boksburg on the 10th of november . click here for event details : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ahh drivers ed was good today but 7 on 7 tonite at elon university ! > .. tomorrow wet n wild with the baby after class <3
id1	id2	positive	None	im ready to defend the 3 stars & a sun ! happy birthday sir francis m ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER holy shit , you really replied ! so my birthday is coming up december 31st . any chance the wu will be around greensboro nc then ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	haha , am not going to volleyball tomorrow morning . #needmysleep
id1	id2	positive	None	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypts 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to #egypt
id1	id2	neutral	None	took down all my disney star posters ( and twilight , about time ) so i can put up all the hp ones i got today from a poster book ( 100 posters )
id1	id2	negative	None	no you may not kick it . -tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i just had a look and it seems nash to davos is a done deal along with joe thornton . i may have to pay a visit ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	#waok the sports kings : uga gets ready for boise state ! : yesterday no . 19 georgia scrimmaged against the bull ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	welcome nick j ! :) @USER in manila ! so excited for the show on friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	hope everybody enjoyed ben amos at welton on monday ? dont forget @USER will be at market weighton this coming monday the 1st
id1	id2	negative	None	ignored again man c v ajax itv tues , celtic v barca skys2 wed , @USER sort it out ya fuds
id1	id2	positive	None	assassins creed iii may just be the best game ever . #gamingitup
id1	id2	negative	None	2nd coming : will blacks america debate the 2012 election #bet @USER im tired of hearing ppl say potus havent done anything 4 blks
id1	id2	negative	None	im still obsessed with werth ... not on a jeff carter level more on a ryan lochte level . i think it may be sexual obsession
id1	id2	neutral	None	from satellite images , it appears that muscat may get some thundershowers tonight
id1	id2	negative	None	talking about acts && sats , deciding where i want to go to college , applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out .
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you own a business in bolder ? then you may want to participate in this pilot energy program thats part of a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh , it is , tomorrow is jason wu fashion show !! you would love !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER cant open the link , is it ferry corsten in december ?
id1	id2	positive	None	a1 for poa !! i can do it !! gonna give my all on tmr lesson . saturday do one paper2 . sunday read on theory . monday kill the paper !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nice one phil big nose on soccer sat telling everyone you said mersey derby better than manc one #loadofbollocks
id1	id2	positive	None	ok , going to be with @USER on saturday at sm bacolod , to meet my crush !!! boom ! xd !! hahahahqa
id1	id2	neutral	None	its not too late to join us at lipa 4:19 come along to our first session tomorrow to try it out . 9.30 am at the joseph wright centre in ...
id1	id2	negative	None	writer #motivation : dr. seusss 1st book was rejected by 43 publishers before it was accepted by the vanguard press . dont give up
id1	id2	neutral	None	how do yall feel about moving presidents day to august ? august lacks a three day weekend . then make lincolns b-day a day off too . #boom
id1	id2	negative	None	sooo .. what youre telling me is that no one is down to get drunk as shit for the cypress game tomorrow and talk shit to the cypress kids ?
id1	id2	positive	None	toni gonzaga is all smiles here in legazpi !! ( snapshot from the video i took , swerte ni kuya , may pic w/ toni g ) pic.twitter.com/9w4yjn0h
id1	id2	neutral	None	hisd students perform gangnam-style dance to get voters to polls : hisd is working to get out the vote in november ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st i thought he was david ruffin impersonator . then i thought he was a backup singer for miguel . sn : your c URL
id1	id2	positive	None	got my dexter fix for the night . until 2morw night dexter morgan .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just in case you havent had enough we have plenty of birthday cake ready for you tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	is it weird that i still remember that josh bradleys birthday is on the 15th ? no ? ok .
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the woman in black for the 9th time hahaha
id1	id2	positive	None	i want my 18th birthday to be hosted by fps russia . thatd be epic .
id1	id2	positive	None	thank fuck its friday . fresh supply of rohypnol , ice cold bluewkds in the fridge . any blondes thinking of going out ? gies a shout ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	mayoroflondon : join in tomorrow at the exciting london childrens book swap events for families who love to read #ld ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	yearbook pictures for jr. larcs will be next tuesday , the 6th at lunch at the library parking lot side
id1	id2	positive	None	#argo is set to receive best film , director and writing noms at the oscars , at the very least . and may be , art direction .
id1	id2	positive	None	im worried i may sing out loud on the train !! beyonces album just gets me in the singing mood everytime !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#queen is worried about black m . hence #mumbai riot see #msm lies thin crowd @USER on 3rd day : URL n URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wow sti is off today since its singapores independence day
id1	id2	positive	None	won the 400 and the 200 and came 2nd in the 800 at tayside and fife championships !
id1	id2	positive	None	friday night lights at east york lol remember when it was good
id1	id2	negative	None	remembering former st. louis blues star pavol demitra today . he was a true talent & class guy all the way . a very sad loss for his family .
id1	id2	neutral	None	black triangle sighting in perryton , texas on october 20th 2012 - black object that obscured the sky and stars : ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we saw the birth place of jesus and walked the pathway of the palm sunday entry of jesus into jerusalem . #tc
id1	id2	neutral	None	revisit : madonna : 12th studio album rumor update - there are several rumors regarding the new madonna ... URL #music
id1	id2	neutral	None	pakistan to talk counterterrorism with us , afghans : pakistans foreign minister revealed thursday that her country would soon hold co ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	to compare , anderson silva also has won 8 bonuses and made $ 475,000 . if lytle gets a bonus tonight , the $65k would be his 2nd biggest one .
id1	id2	neutral	None	championship thurs @USER raider hoop camp today !!! closing ceremonies @USER in murphy center !!! autographs with all players !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER we was on the move today . that mta was not sexy though . whippington is needed
id1	id2	positive	None	georgetown is the move tomorrow :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	ready for the long drive to the boro tomorrow ! if you are a past or present gsu student , you better be at paulson on sat ! #beatappstate #gsu
id1	id2	positive	None	exciting ang sarah g live this sunday with anne curtis , myrtle , melay , echo , jm de guzman and toni gonzaga ! =)
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing that derrick , on his 28th birthday , gets called up from the d league to an incredible franchise like the san antonio spurs .
id1	id2	positive	None	3000th tweet dedicated to andy carroll and west ham , brilliant start to the season , now continue it with wigan on saturday !
id1	id2	negative	None	my godsister better take her ass straight home after school tomorrow . nca wont be the place for her to be after school
id1	id2	negative	None	it seem like its national kissing day every other thursday ! who tf made that shit up ??!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we goin to fairground tomorrow im picking you up from work
id1	id2	positive	None	west yorkshire police & cps have advised danny care he will not be charged in relation to alleged sexual assault in leeds on march 3 .
id1	id2	positive	None	sufjan stevens song casimir pulaski day may be one of the greatest songs ever made .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wheres a good place in studio city/la to watch monday night football tonight ? lemme know !
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like bjs skate center is the place to be in st joe on a friday night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	realizing tomorrow is friday >>> then realizing you have bellamy first thing in the morning <<<
id1	id2	positive	None	i just got excited because i found out that amy lees birthday is the 13th of decemember . guys , that is a day before my birthday ! so close !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out all of mondays highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER me you and joe gone chill saturday of i come tho
id1	id2	neutral	None	just like when k was a kid saturday morning and im watching saved by the bell ! might even watch soul train @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	#opm will be performing live in the southside at rex theatre on the 8th of june . holla at any #opm rep. or myself for tickets .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a little cak-alcoa primer before tonights state farm rivalry thursday game ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im tired but im not ... i may watch the end of zombieland just because tallahassee is my spirit animal adkahsk ;
id1	id2	neutral	None	perry : morgan state is beating howard , 7-0 at the end of the 1st quarter of howards homecoming football game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	as many of you know , my bill to phase out the mta payroll tax passed the senate on june 15th . speaker silver ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to stephen kellogg and the sixers at rex theatre in pittsburgh , pa - oct 30 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	really good day as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on msn vsowxx7c URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im sooo glad we dont have school monday , imaaa sleep all day man . we dont !!???
id1	id2	negative	None	and i never had a good time i sat by my bedside with papers , poetry about estella . #greatexpectations
id1	id2	negative	None	sam loco efe ( nigeria nollyhood star ) is dead . we are still mourning christy essien now it is sam locos turn . may his soul rip . #jhub
id1	id2	neutral	None	ward 2 may have two members on the dc state board of education URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER okay ill bring my camera and iron . anything else i should bring ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER noticed that you going to be in tampa tomorrow and wanted to see if we can do a q&a for metormix tampa bay and feature you ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	about to watch safe house for the 1st time ... #redbox #latepass
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is having a show nov 10th @USER house of blues friends or anybody hmu if u want to go thanks :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	iago falques chance and poor old harry kane : tottenham hotspur face norwich city tomorrow night in the capital ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER when do you plan on coming down to the long beach or the o.c. area ? los alamitos has a food truck fair on thursday nights .
id1	id2	negative	None	centre for social justice report on gangs - one year after the riots . URL #d policy may have exacerbated problems .
id1	id2	positive	None	bj penn , shogun , nick diaz and swick fighting on the same card ... should be ppv but its on fox ?? dec . 8th cant wait .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the daily zap : all the action from wednesdays six pack can be found right here in the daily zap . URL #nba
id1	id2	neutral	None	drum stream scheduled for tomorrow postponed til next saturday on the 3rd of november . until then , a diablo iii stream ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i had an awesome time at #sckcs now its on to work , saturday nite in vegas , this should be fun .
id1	id2	positive	None	the complete 5th season of #dexter is available on dvd today ! or you could just watch it on demand .. URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lemon drizzle cake man gave me a free latte , and its possibly the best latte ive ever had . ill be back tomorrow to give him all my money .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#picstitch at my 1st phillies game watching the knicks vs heat #atthesamedamtime URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if anderson silva doesnt win tonight yushin okami wont make it out of brazil alive @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	as all my subscribers may know in young and now im doing youtubablehd trolling so watch my tweets for news about open lobby
id1	id2	neutral	None	game 1 of the nlcs and a rematch of the nfc championship game tomorrow . sfs gonna be cuuuhraaazeee
id1	id2	neutral	None	top pct of rushing plays : sea 54.70% , hou 51.84% , wsh 51.07% , buf 47.92% , sf 47.85% ... #bears are 9th with 47.04%
id1	id2	positive	None	#entrepreneur #angelinvestor pitch in on the new birthday party / super bowl sunday treat URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sacha baron cohen to star as freddie mercury . hes the only one for the role , imho . URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	there is still time to register and find your red dress for tomorrows rampage ! get on it ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	jack welch and mort zuckerman are always on giving wisdom . isnt their business style part of what made this mess in the 1st . #leansix
id1	id2	neutral	None	my photos up at photoplus and the olympus booth . come out and say hello ! ill be here till saturday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did any of you party with jeremy evans in dallas on saturday at the posh cool down at club posh ? pic.twitter.com/css3w19j
id1	id2	neutral	None	idc im still gettin payback ... a week it is .. startin tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	howay newcastle beat the mackems and then we can do them over next tuesday ! #nufc #mfc
id1	id2	negative	None	dont get paid till saturday but im going traffod centre tonight , cba
id1	id2	neutral	None	checkers to move to south division in 2012-13 - last thursday , the american hockey league concluded its annual board ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dad : what are you going to do in athens tomorrow ? me : nothing . dad : oh . ok . have fun . i like my father .
id1	id2	neutral	None	bruh like was this the dj from club bodi i swear i heard the same music thursday night lol
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER conrad murray claims mj was unable to sleep the entire morning yet murray was on his phone all am -- does that make sense ? no .
id1	id2	negative	None	nothing says fuck you to super rugby than when ep kings get relegated tomorrow . im waiting
id1	id2	positive	None	pals knock2bag tonight at rich mix ! come and hang out . also you can catch me on russell howards good news tonight and tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i wanna go ! hes fucken hot & his voice ! my sister told me his concert go down !
id1	id2	negative	None	ramdevs jailed aides pic with freedom fighters at ramlila : new delhi , aug 9 : controversy erupted at the ... URL #india
id1	id2	neutral	None	one jump ahead on in the canteen : seriously need to watch aladdin tonight now !
id1	id2	neutral	None	hondos bread on fred : hondo endured his customary saturday night wipeout last night , crashing with the yankees ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	photo : fab find ! jason wu satin scarlet clutch at off 5th ! whoop whoop ! ( taken with instagram ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	skyline drive/ shenandoah w the fambam tomorrow ! afghans at a park .. on a sunday .. how unique lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	hybrid icing will be used in the american hockey league until november 19 , 12 . the bog will then decide if it needs to continue . #okcbarons
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER obviously were not looking great right now , but the arsenal will finish 5th prediction is wrong every year !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i wish mitt quit all this lying about what they can do . if mr was such a great leader he wouldve sought a 2nd term in mass .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yeah i know what you mean , spent too much time catching up on dexter today
id1	id2	neutral	None	dealbook : clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum - sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a sta ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER id lost interest in bioshock infinite with delays etc . i think i may be drawn back in a bit : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	beenie man will be performing at echostage ( dc star ) next friday for the hu yardfest afterparty ( 18+ event ) contact @USER for tickets
id1	id2	neutral	None	many of us disagree .  @USER no road course is needed in the chase . #nascar should not be on a road course at all . 
id1	id2	neutral	None	drove the bike today , about 40 miles . felt like jim carrey on me myself and irene !
id1	id2	positive	None	boise state , chattanooga , embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight , congrats and welcome gentlemen ! #duli11
id1	id2	positive	None	third grade is the best . we started istep in 3rd grade !! my brother just said he likes istep . #lolwtf
id1	id2	positive	None	super sunday indeed . after the footy & cricket , ss4 has buffalo-ny jets & houston-denver ; c4 airs ne-baltimore ; @USER has houston-denver
id1	id2	neutral	None	this song says everything about a break up ... rope to hang by neil mcsweeney : dir . sat johal of crows nest films URL
id1	id2	negative	None	they may have a superbowl in dallas , but dallas aint winning a superbowl . not with that quarterback and owner . @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	up all nights maya rudolph : saturday night live training prepares you for anything : maya rudolph ,... URL #tv #news
id1	id2	neutral	None	nuit blanche is this weekend ! plan your night with the personal itinerary planner : URL @USER #snbto
id1	id2	neutral	None	neon theme ! first round monday night at the volleyball game in west liberty ! #wakawaka
id1	id2	positive	None	i think so far the most deserved award of the night goes to melissa mccarthy
id1	id2	neutral	None	i see scorsese may be teaming up with the artists oscar winning star jean dujardin ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait 4 mon ! @USER @USER check out bill carters piece in the @USER : prime-time stern URL @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	just a heads up , lp #9 may take some time before i can start recording . a lot of work is going to go into this next project .
id1	id2	positive	None	if im reading the twitter trend list correctly , people are really happy that verlander beat the royals yesterday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER 18 of us watching @USER and the girls tonight beat everton live on espn in a bar with a beer in spain , coyg !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	pereira , colombia - august 06 : players of nigeria walk down the tunnel during the group d match bet : pereira , c ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ha ! they got pics of nicki minaj boobies coming out when she performed on good morning america
id1	id2	positive	None	who is ready to party with us , march fourth marching band , and mthds this saturday night at the gothic theatre ?... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	foes to city , hisd , hcc bond measures emerge . URL the antis make 1st appearance just 3 wks b4 election day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just put a bet in for tomorrow night already . never did this before . miami heat - 5.5 against the knicks .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch monday night football tonight (& pre-game festivities ) on espn . im in the intro with hank williams jr. starts at 6pm est . i will ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	new music : bruno mars- young girls : if you watched bruno mars on saturday night live then you may have caught h ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to preaching at plant citys first baptist sunday @USER new city church will be baptizing 2 into the kingdom . praise god
id1	id2	positive	None	well since its been the 7th here n japan 4 over 12 hrs id like 2 wish my bff @USER a grand 26th . sad i cant b there w/you .
id1	id2	positive	None	social media week is right now ! can you tell im excited ? #smwvan ill be at the @USER event tomorrow , see you there ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	summerslam preview coming fri . only 4 announced matches even tho there will be 7 or 8 . very odd . will make for brief preview !
id1	id2	neutral	None	q3 0:54 . eli manning pass intended for victor cruz intercepted by danny mccray at the dallas 35 returned for no gain . 1st & 10 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tuesday is my sixteen hour day and im still up ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	arsenal submitted a bid this evening for scott dann . look like the move to lfc i talked about may be about to turn complicated
id1	id2	neutral	None	... off to milan ... c ya on the 19th of august in novi sad with silicon soul and fakir !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hahaha shut up cupid ! yeah hopefully it does go good and saturday and every other day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	anniversary of miracle , national margarita day , and ash wednesday . #celebration
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yeh looked sick , ahhh thats probably a no :( wontt get back from soundwave fest in croatia til the 25th !
id1	id2	negative	None	tough one tonight for the boys . played hard but came up short with a 4-1 loss with an eng . davies scored the lone goal . la ronge tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	there is a drum school for music in 3rd ward on wichita st. @USER i will get the name later
id1	id2	positive	None	buzzed that im going amsterdam on friday ! ajax tickets could do with turning up though #fuckyouviagogo
id1	id2	positive	None	tweet di brintey so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight . love you girl . - britney URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i would pick jones to beat silva , but shogun made it to the 3rd round , rampage and vitor to the 4th and evans went the distance .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER mr. monday night just made my thursday night !! @USER #mohrstories
id1	id2	positive	None	come support ballard field hockey in the semi-finals tomorrow at 7:15 at bellarmine ! #bruinfam #studentsection #loudandproud
id1	id2	neutral	None	right north london derby is on my birthday nov 17th , now you all know what to get me for my birthday . #arsenal
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER awesome photo of the snow starting in west liberty ! may we broadcast with credit to you ? pic.twitter.com/n8f43o2h
id1	id2	neutral	None	arrival of ship : sham port : abu dhabi time : nov 1 2012 6:27 pm ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approaches ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ info ] exo-m will fly to nanjing tomorrow to attend yangtze river music festival on the 28th ( along with super ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	bright side of the sun - recapping the recaps : see what others said about the suns loss to warriors #suns URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i dont know what to wear tomorrow and i definitely believe this is the work of lady gaga and her team
id1	id2	negative	None	lpg price hike put on hold : facing stiff opposition , the centre on thursday night put on hold the rs . 26.50 incr ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 28th national milk chocolate day . you might say milk chocolate is the star of the chocolate ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dont cry because its over . smile because it happened . - dr. seuss good quote for a friday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	still writing on christmas and new year ... still . and ill be writing about valentines day in december #dafuzz
id1	id2	negative	None	holger may have another selection headache with carl valeri coming off with a possible injury after 30 mins in tonights game v cesena
id1	id2	neutral	None	microsoft are suffering an outage this evening with their uk & european cloud services including hosted exchange .
id1	id2	negative	None	i never had a good time , i sat by my bedside . with papers and poetry about estella
id1	id2	positive	None	got a jennifer hudson inspired makeup look coming on monday , excited for the turn out
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out all of mondays highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 19 , 2012 book news : 20,000 turn out for the southern festival of books what do keith richards and margar ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	saw margaret cho tonight at leicester square theatre . brilliant woman , intuitive , insightful , sexy . shes here til 31st u must go !!
id1	id2	negative	None	news release 09 october 2012 customers of the negros sub-grid experienced a partial outage today at 5:45 pm ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck sylvain with your media debut today and even more luck for the season and the game against spurs . #comeonyoublues
id1	id2	neutral	None	howard u wins 2nd straight homecoming game with 21-20 victory over morgan state . bison now 5-2 ; 4-1 meac
id1	id2	neutral	None	anchorage , ak : the ceremonial start of the iditarod every march pic.twitter.com/mbt93key
id1	id2	neutral	None	the lights will go out at gampel and calhoun will slide to midcourt on a wire saturday to try to fire up the crowd . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yep . turner house room 456 on the 4th floor
id1	id2	negative	None	rt @USER sanchez didnt know plax would sneak in for a play yesterday . i wish i would have hit him , he said . got pressured by d #nyj
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER two birthday cakes ! one with jelly beans ! i wonder what kind of birthday cake the 2nd one was ? goodnight kina , emi , and misa .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so in the 1st book of the e l james trilogy , anastasia is played by @USER & christian is christian bale ( obviously ) . it is what it is .
id1	id2	positive	None	some good television tonight gonna get on jersey shore on the planner and 8 out of ten cats and maybe red or black #lazynight
id1	id2	positive	None	goodnight bots ! tomorrow remember 106 & park , mobo twitter chat , and david letterman with @USER good day for the bots !
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER all roads lead to santa fe tonight 1st saturday jamaican independence day ... disco jr live on the 1s & 2s
id1	id2	neutral	None	those costumes are for purim . and purims in march ! @USER schmidt nails the jewish quotes every time .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER groundhog day ? he just keeps seeing jt snow rounding 3rd over and over and over and over ... #marlinsmysteryfanrevealed
id1	id2	neutral	None	todays future of news wood : free hawkeye lego toy on the cover of murdochs sun URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just handed in my application for the marie colvin scholarship at the sunday times . an exciting moment .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER dont forget to look out for me and @USER in the audience of celebrity juice tonight . bangtidy !
id1	id2	positive	None	may the sun in his course visit no land more free , more happy , more lovely , than this our own country .. happy independence day .
id1	id2	positive	None	i would like to trade presidents day and columbus day for the day after the super bowl and july 5th please .
id1	id2	neutral	None	greasy hair and the smell of weed at shotton station , where art though friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	avril lavigne is having a concert tomorrow night in the park . sonics opening for her . you wanna come ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is the anniversary of f . scott fitzgeralds birth ( 116 yrs ) , dr. seusss death ( 21 ) & the 1st pub . of the hobbit ( 75 ) via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER channel 4 , friday , 10.25 pm i think . looks like its going to be a really good documentary . obamas involved !
id1	id2	positive	None	rita oras on xfactor on sunday which means shell sing shine ya light which i love which makes me happy ! :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want jenelle to come over tomorrow . i need someone to watch netflix and eat mac & cheese with ..
id1	id2	positive	None	senran kagura for ps vita may be the most advanced breast physics system with complete costume destruction comparing the 3ds counterpart .
id1	id2	negative	None	rugby tonight and its like freezing omg i may die
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 2nd goal barcelona would be proud of . cleverly isnt the future hes the present . sneijder coming soon ... rt please :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER thats shit :( banff would be better aswell ! still going out in keith on the 3rd ? x
id1	id2	neutral	None	departure of ship : sham port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 4:09 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approache ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont miss the free sunset blues concert tonight from 5- 7:00 pm with march fourth marching band in mountain ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	big day out on 10nov @USER gallery hopping/talks/guided tours & more . my list of must see galleries/events URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul : san francisco apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cloudy in the valley , good luck on your 2nd day of classes !! see you in the emerald city ( isat )
id1	id2	neutral	None	long day tomorrow , university of idaho and eastern visits !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER dook football , even the sun shines on a dogs a$$ some days . #unc dook ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	haggins flipped by hoya linebacker , but he gets the 1st down ! 1st and goal at the 5 !
id1	id2	positive	None	4 more days to go and were off to the @USER london conference on saturday - were excited to network with other youth councils again !
id1	id2	positive	None	my feeling about fears is , if you voice your fears , they may come true . im superstitious enough to believe that . - meryl streep
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER australian directioners just had a heart attack . the news said that you boys were back here in oct/nov :-( #nottrue ? x
id1	id2	positive	None	finished deus ex last night . should probably stay tight-lipped , but i think i can get away with saying the ending is superb !
id1	id2	neutral	None	you ever go night night nigga ? everybody go night night ! - kevin hart
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER dont feel obliged to discuss #dexter tonight . living it large in brighton so please use direct messages ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight was just a preview of what bob jones will do to austin at tomorrows vball game . vbc . noon . #bethere #bjp
id1	id2	neutral	None	help me smart peeps : i need to get from the city to alsip , back to the city on a friday night . cheapest way to go ? ( its for a wedding )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER feb 22 at kfc yum center , you down ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	perfect little planet , the challenger learning center of tallahassees new planetarium show premieres tomorrow !... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watched all of @USER x factor videos last night . he needs to start making music , wicked voice !
id1	id2	neutral	None	assange : ill stay in embassy until u.s. backs off : julian assange , founder of wikileaks , said thursday he wont ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jacob has a teacher work day tomorrow , he asked to come to work with me to make sure i get my work done . really ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER right ! where is the 2nd vita heaven ? vita is a zombie right now . maybe sony is busy on the ps4 and just forgot about the vita .
id1	id2	negative	None	and i never had a good time while sat by your bedside with papers and poetry about estella .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im taking it easy since ill fly to cupertino on sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	a win over england on the 5th day of the 3rd test match will give us one more reason to celebrate the independence day ! via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	just found out that the new season for vampire diaries comes out sept 15th :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	loved the hair style from fridays jason wu new york fashion week show ? were giving you the step-by-step to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER best moment of the night melissa mccarthy i am trying to find the clip to write about it on my website ... big fan of u both
id1	id2	neutral	None	girls gone wild is going to the quad tomorrow night ... dear god ...
id1	id2	positive	None	join us this sunday on the terrace ... were taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich , deeafro , rob maynard , dj ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER people say u wont go to the pro bowl because of the play of the bears cbs . how are you gonna prove them wrong on sunday ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER depends what vibe you want . post-abs def check out the monday room & volstead - they were favs of mine when i lived there
id1	id2	negative	None	bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) national vice-president gopinath munde on sunday refuted rumours that he was going to join the congress .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i had planned to , but my school finals are on the same day as cheer finals ( monday ) . so im going to nca !
id1	id2	negative	None	today a white boy told me nicki minaj was the best female rapper . i beg to differ . since when do schizophrenics get recognized like that ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	registration is now open ! register for the professional event today ( the brooklyn bridge walk is free ) to grab ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	directions for tomorrows festival : world music festival runs from 1pm - 8pm on richmond riverside , just north of richmond bridge .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do you think you could please more women in 1 night than charlie sheen ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the ellen show at 4 on really :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you still have them
id1	id2	positive	None	i comeposed my first twat on september 15th so technically iv had a twitter for a long time then forgot about it .. good to be back
id1	id2	neutral	None	lots of rumors out there . oilers are said to want leopold/adam/3rd , sekera/pysyk/2nd , sekera/adam , leopold/adam for sam gagner . who knows ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER show at iu was live ! chicago tomorrow @USER with @USER & boldy blocks !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yees im down . all my detroit frnds always talk about those malls but ive never been there ! its gna be my 1st time yaay !
id1	id2	positive	None	was lovely to meet james martin on monday he used local produce and his lamb from skipton was devine #yorkshirehour pic.twitter.com/cmso6hb2
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks rachel . will give it a try ! loving the book & the saturday kitchen repeats ... #littlepariskitchen #lyon
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have an issue driving slow . so im gonna try to make it from az to lv in 3 hrs . tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	the late great andrew breitbarts new movie , occupy unmasked , comes out friday . whos going ? #tcot #gop #teaparty
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going to lunch with grammy and kels soon then running some errands for tomorrow and studying for my exam
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think im gonna head to ulta tomorrow and see if they carry the red carpet manicure gel polishes in stores . i want black gel polish asap
id1	id2	negative	None	weird music mood today . lots of hank williams and johnny cash running through the iphone .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the dwts cast will be announced tonight ! are you in it ?! oh i hope sooo !!! youd be so fun to watch and youd have soo many fans !
id1	id2	negative	None	work almost over with then these negros wont see my face till monday night !
id1	id2	negative	None	march 3rd 2010 -do you think kevin rudd is superficial ? yes 85.3% (6513 votes ) no 14.7% (1122 votes ) rudd being revealed as a failure #auspol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER this may end up being more beneficial to us with cofield playing more naturally at the end spot & baker clogging up the middle .
id1	id2	positive	None	i watched good deeds again today with @USER thanks for coming through girl , was having a boring sunday before you came through ..
id1	id2	positive	None	ben amos doing well @USER city . another clean sheet v charlton . he says hes enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team fball . #mufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	seabuiscuit just ran by .. must be warming up for the kentucky derby tomorrow ... we need to set fire to adele right meow @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	nodarioty happening tomorrow night at neighborhood theatre . put it on your social agenda to come out support your local artist !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody want carrie underwood tickets for saturday night in charlotte ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	#everton news - krul will miss the monday night clash with everton and at least a further couple of ... - chroniclel ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	playing as the browns hc k . fri in #madden13 , xfacalac lost to the ravens 21-28 on all-madden #connectedcareers
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the pieces that made the fall show will be posted on the mpac fb page , twitter & posted up in the murphy center tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	the vow ! love this movie . if you are meant to be with your loved one it will happen no matter what obstacles you may face ! #truelove #exists
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg !!! ramin and sierra performing phantom of the opera at the classical brit awards televised on sunday itv at 10.30 pm !!! :d
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the big day ! discount prices on botox and juvederm ! call and make an appointment ! URL #botox #juvederm #madison
id1	id2	neutral	None	u.s. postal service will increase stamp prices by one cent : the u.s. postal service said thursday that the cost of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so cycle fan tweeps , who is going to win the mens race tomorrow then ? i reckon phillip gilbert or tom boonen ( swoon ! )
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER was in on sat and they only had the ray lewis home jersey . they didnt have a lot either .
id1	id2	positive	None	its amazing to see the success thus far early from udofia , considering how marshall , etc stifled lorenzo brown on thursday night
id1	id2	neutral	None	im not the go out type . saturday nights are my stay up all night with the fellas on 360 night , but i think ill dive into paternos bio .
id1	id2	positive	None	kristin chenoweth says she is glad to be in bethlehem for saturday performance URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if they play new born tomorrow instead of ss i will throw one of the mouldy donuts in the flat at bellamy and his shitey roulette wheel
id1	id2	positive	None	some concept art done by the late ralph mcquarrie . may the force be with you . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tigers beat kansas city tonight 4-3 ... yay ! and austin jackson got 1# on espn sportcenter top plays ... hurrah ! nice catch austin !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 1st academy awards ceremony , presented by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences ( ampas ) , honored ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	attending the world music festival ? bring in your ticket and receive a wrap and drink for only $5 ! fri , sept 21 ; mon , sept 24-thurs , sept 27
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope miami does this to the knicks on friday . #teamheat
id1	id2	neutral	None	well be at the ypaac blondes vs . brunettes flag-football game tomorrow . doors open 1pm at university of denver - ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	1st episode of @USER arsenal podcast , i guested alongside @USER and @USER - URL check it out !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well when you get off come on and tomorrow you have to be @USER murphy center tomorrow @USER am !! be on time please
id1	id2	positive	None	studio tomorrow , all i can think about . chillin with homies and working on new music
id1	id2	positive	None	caraway wins by sub in the 3rd but i still think rhonda rousey could beat him . #gfyh #thaoshow
id1	id2	positive	None	dancing on ice tour highlights on sun going to be good :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	fantasy-wise , all i need is 4 tds from romo and 4 from holmes tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER alright my friend @USER saw this hot blonde alex girl from chardon at the game friday . and he wants to know who it is .
id1	id2	positive	None	turns out olive gardens dinner for tonight and tomorrow is more like dinner for tonight and later tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	nicki minaj - pink friday , up 15 places , to #16 on the official uk top 40 :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER were you at the haye vs chisora fight on sat ? we saw you at the side of the ring n then you disappeared #likemagic
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER silly string / silly season . love an owl story . fancy watching the football in bethnal green on sunday ..?
id1	id2	positive	None	on 9/18/2007 , john anthony zacchara arrived in port charles in the form of @USER ! everybody go wish him a happy 5th anniv on #gh !
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget , wednesday night is the weekly amateur contest at showgirls in plant city . come see me emcee ! $300 cash prizes .
id1	id2	positive	None	me myles and will are all sat in chesters bed with chester on the floor . drinking . playing fifa . feel like a boy
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER mostly just a misunderstanding over who called whom . bigger issue is pepper-spraying people who want to march on republic day
id1	id2	neutral	None	abl update : singapore slingers leading over ph patriots , 32-25 , in the 2nd qtr
id1	id2	positive	None	so proud my alma mater is hosting the 1st debate this wednesday ! debate 2012 | university of denver URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	who goin to see kevin hart on the 8th ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	what tomato and onion had done to bjp in delhi , lpg may do the same to cong in the forthcoming elections ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER he just got completely , utterly lost .. its not like there was a viable 2nd option , everyone knew it was parkers shot !
id1	id2	negative	None	my dad & the builder are talking about city and it turns out the builder is sat the row behind me at the aston villa game , fuck sake
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what a move by briscoe !! and just before the yellow . hrt is on the march !! #gc600 #v8sc
id1	id2	negative	None	we always get pushed out to ss4 with ben sheppard . could be worse . could be thursday night with colin murray #afc
id1	id2	positive	None	at least it will make up for the sat and the gonzaga game
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday aug 17th we in new haven ct , for the kick back 7 ... its a luau get your beach wear ready !...
id1	id2	neutral	None	one of the main influences for @USER 2nd album is michael jackson ... no joke .
id1	id2	positive	None	okami hd makes me wish i had a ps3 . i may just wait for the ps4 and hope that all of psns games are on the ps4 store as well .
id1	id2	neutral	None	winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area until 8:00 pm tuesday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 25th of july . 7pm at volstead ( its a bar ) . can you mc for a quiz night ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area until 8:00 am wednesday . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im so pist that i might not be able to go to the volleyball game tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER that year is to be unspoken of . remember those rubber bracelets too ? i may or may not have a dog tag with cannavaro on it ...
id1	id2	positive	None	new die hard movie coming out feb 14 .. looks like bruce willis is going to be my valentines date :o )
id1	id2	neutral	None	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in brisbane on monday ... @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	yayyy !!! rt : @USER nicki minaj - pink friday , up 15 places , to #16 on the official uk top 40 :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday , october 19th - talib kweli : idle warship with res at the adrienne arsht center ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	7/9/1983 madonna released holiday as a single from madonna : the first album , it was the 1st madonna song to enter the billboard hot 100 .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER miesha tate says your going to win oct 6th during her interview and you are a bad ass at 105 ... go girl :)
id1	id2	negative	None	i -may- be the only girl on the face of the earth that doesnt find channing tatum attractive . #callmecrazy #justsayin #donthateme
id1	id2	neutral	None	jets selection of wesley walker ( 2nd round 1977 draft ) , without knowing he was legally blind in left eye , led to creation of nfl combine .
id1	id2	positive	None	nba playoffs today !!! the heat vs knicks series is going to be crazy ! luckily #celticnation dont play till sunday lets go celtics !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER your helicopter may be wicked , but your billy crystal is gonna be the URL #going2bgreat
id1	id2	neutral	None	lmao rt @USER monday night football tonight ... the new york not yets vs . the houston texans
id1	id2	neutral	None	lmao snottsdale , az = sluttiest place . i dont think gelndale should get 2nd , give it to the tempe giiirls .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER reminded you of arsenals traditional februray-april breakdown ? get off your high horse ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	well be skyping khader adnan tomorrow at palestine place 5pm , the 66 day hunger striker against israeli ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	made a shitty family guy gif last night out of boredom . gonna post it on tumblr .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone looking forward to bioshock infinite ? check out this new look at the game ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pavol demitra with the blues : 5th in scoring all time with 493 points in 494 games , 2000 lady byng trophy , & 3 all star games in 8 seasons .
id1	id2	positive	None	safe and sound on 57th and 11th ... hoping that they clean up sandy quickly for those that were in her path . love you all !
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER tomorrow is the big cast reveal for season 13 of dwts ! make sure you tune in to the bachelor pad to find out the sexy cast .
id1	id2	positive	None	watchin step up <3 the 1st one is the best with channing tatum as the main guy >>>
id1	id2	negative	None	missing hooters , my husband , my life , my photoshoot tomorrow , guess im gonna drink this bottle of wine with a xanax and pass the fuck out . #bye
id1	id2	neutral	None	#steelernation send our boys 2 the 2013 nfl pro bowl . URL via @USER ur vote actually counts , unlike the nov 6th election .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER dmv i will be performing live @USER star this saturday w/ big and the band shout to sunshine + bennyt
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the sun is just waiting for its agent to call to see if it can get the job as the glint in justin biebers eye . sun gets saad .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER love first friday of the month ! is this your last arraignment day lou ? newsworthy list to finish with if so !
id1	id2	neutral	None	if the nhl lockout ended , preds would have 2 road games 1st week in october ( st. louis - oct 2nd & wash . - oct 5th ) according to the website .
id1	id2	positive	None	#halloweenfacts #halloween also is recognized as the 3rd biggest party day after new years and super bowl sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	austin rivers just scored his 1st nba points with 6:48 left in the 4th you running with the big boys now son ( my doc rivers voice )
id1	id2	positive	None	and rhonda rousey has officially won by armbar .. for the 6th time . 6-0 .
id1	id2	negative	None	omg mali music is going to be in philly tomorrow ! at the liacouras center , performing at the kingsmen tour ! im so sad .
id1	id2	negative	None	afc away fans on saturday . all this stuff about the she said no chant . its bollocks . when he has the ball , just turn your back on him .
id1	id2	neutral	None	stroudsburg vs pleasant valley for the mvc title next friday #repeat #mountienation
id1	id2	neutral	None	today was national kissing day , ill have to make up for the loss tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER can u tweet me updates from the warriors game tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	galaxy tune up for whitecaps , sounders fall to 3rd : mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the 83rd mi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this like being in 2nd place at the superbowl . #mademyday
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am selling 2 tickets to see @USER at london o2 arena on the first date on their 2013 tour . friday , ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching full 1st season of the finder on hulu plus . so funny @USER i see why you liked it ! on episode 2
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are back at rich mix on wed 17 oct teaching you how to design an app in a day : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	oh are they having an awards ceremony for how well you did the dishes last night ? - bryan to lowis , family guy . hahaha !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER - that may not happen now with all the sackings over in cupertino .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im trying out for the nfl combine when i get out of college #youcanbelievethat
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was in the 5th grade taking istep tests when #9 /11 happened , doesnt seem like its been that long ago
id1	id2	neutral	None	buzzer beater jump shot by parker . on a primetime thursday game ... no way that can happen ! how great is the nba ?!?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	what a dramatic weekend in racing ! #crunchtimeatkansas , huge comeback in nns , a 1s t-t ime #meconspeed winner and @USER in the rain . 7pm et .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the raiders are on the field for their tueday afternoon practice as they get ready to face arizona thursday night in oakland .
id1	id2	neutral	None	drexel cancels classes . drexel medicine clinic hours are canceled all day monday & on tuesday until at least 12pm due to weather
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy birthday sweetheart . may all your days be special , just like you . love , grammy
id1	id2	positive	None	lamb of god is coming to town on the 12th !!! #omg im sooo excited xd i cant wait to get into the pit and go crazy ! \m/
id1	id2	positive	None	get ready for the peanut butter and jams sponsored party at santos party house this saturday ! good looks ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER decent that bruv n im looking the espanyol game in jan the 5th or 6th ..
id1	id2	negative	None	i may be the odd man out on this but i dont get all the buzz on this kendrick lamar . decent i guess , but not stellar .
id1	id2	positive	None	#bdnews #bangladesh cricket : pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit : pakistans cricket board said sunday it hopes ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER were doing great up until the 3rd .. struggling a lot . harden and lin doing very well together . harden w/ 31 pts . so far .
id1	id2	neutral	None	these are 3 new avril lavigne songs from the 5th album : 1 . hush hush : songwriter/composer : david hodges , chad kroeger & avril lavigne .
id1	id2	negative	None	i guess i shouldve been out giving out books last night for world book day . instead i sat in large dark room watching the avengers assemble
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont drop the same day as nipsey hussle ... @USER december 21st !
id1	id2	positive	None	prayer with amazing men of god this morning , grocery shopping , arrival of my [ 2nd ] pokemon shirt , and purchased big ls first album . #cool
id1	id2	positive	None	on this night of fine footy finals for the nrl & afl , may i take a moment to say the first round of super rugby is only 148 sleeps away :)
id1	id2	positive	None	beloved , dont worry about tomorrow ! wake up every morning conscious of jesus supply . joseph prince
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone wanna go see #shedseven at boro on 14th december ?? 17.50 each . let me know , i really want to go .
id1	id2	negative	None	you know what , i dont give a shit about tomorrow yolo
id1	id2	neutral	None	little blurry but this is the crowd i play for every thursday at plan b with madisons hottest dj , brook bartels URL
id1	id2	positive	None	remember cupid at convo last year with the bomb candy bar ?? if you liked that , youll love next tuesdays tr URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget , tomorrow is the annual general body meeting ! come out to learn more about isat and the organizations we are affiliated with !
id1	id2	neutral	None	sun flare by the washington monument URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i think the stroke of brilliance in casting may wind up being sacha baron cohen
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER nice to be missed maino . hope youre having fun . 2nd night all all-inclusive ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	aussie directioners . do you want to win a prize of a lifetime ? then listen to @USER on monday at 7pm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	still need to watch the pilot for terra nova . maybe tomorrow ...
id1	id2	negative	None	my sons were watching mtv the other night . looked like an absolute freak show . what happened to hank williams , johnny cash , real music ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to israel this saturday ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	cliff avril says hes feeling fine following the bye . said he thought he would have played had the lions had a game sun .
id1	id2	positive	None	5 days of rodeo in one week time :) so excited ! 10th year going #cfr12
id1	id2	positive	None	pakistan clears visa accord , india welcomes it - new delhi/islamabad , nov 1 ( ians ) a day after pakistans cabinet ap ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i challenge katie to stick pins in my eyes tomorrow . i dare you .
id1	id2	positive	None	really good day as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on ... wlmxrhfu URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	two dem incumbents face recall challenges tonight in wisconsin . @USER raises the curtain : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the late-october best picture oscars predictions youve been waiting for : coverage of the oscars has reache ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck in the nns race tomorrow ! ill be cheering you on as always !! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	april & i are having dinner in jacksonville tomorrow night with milford & the future mrs. milford ! @USER #sebringlsa13
id1	id2	neutral	None	nadal has not played since 28 june , when he lost to czech lukas rosol 6-7(9 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 , 2-6 , 6-4 in the wimbledon second round .
id1	id2	neutral	None	brooklyn nets vs . the new york knicks has been re-scheduled for november 26 , nationally televised on tnt . tip-off is scheduled for 7 pm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	stuffed pork chop dinner 5-8p sat night at eagles club in cedar rapids .. 1735 11th street nw . im guest bartending . i dont make fufu drinks !
id1	id2	negative	None	frustration for kobayashi , perez in india : reaction from sauber , caterham , marussia and hrt after the indian grand prix on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	divine frame & @USER presents the official south alabama football season kick off @USER insanity september 1st
id1	id2	neutral	None	wonder if my concert going buddy wants to go to machine gun kelly , rick ross , meek mill , and wale nov 20 in indy ?? @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	sad to say #knutsfordlitfest nearly at an end . fantastic event last night with michael portillo . last event tomorrow with charles dickens .
id1	id2	positive	None	the takeaway from tonights game : the colts run defense was huge . and curtis painter rightfully owes us all ( us especially ) a big finger .
id1	id2	neutral	None	highlight of monday was chucking a mattress down the stairs which hit eleanor around the face , causing her to fall down the stairs
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER fashion tip for everyone at the derby tomorrow pic.twitter.com/tdjvdm4d
id1	id2	positive	None	im so happy for @USER :) she is finally showing the world what she gots ! blake , hey monday , and now just cassadee pope ! <3
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget to get your self out to bettyvirginia park tomorrow @USER for the kickball tournament ! #ipittythefoolthatcantkickitoldschool
id1	id2	neutral	None	saw this after the game saturday . @USER site of the now removed joe paterno statue at beaver stadium URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the bulls are back ! @USER what seed do you think the bulls can finish assuming a 75% rose comes back by march
id1	id2	neutral	None	dive deep into the worlds of stefan struve and stipe miocic leading to their fuel tv main event this saturday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	day 3 raspberry pi winners !! come back tomorrow for the last chance to win 2 more ! #openstacksummit #dreamcompute pic.twitter.com/eb7dlyl6
id1	id2	neutral	None	im bringing the monster load of candy tomorrow , i just hope it doesnt get all squiched
id1	id2	positive	None	youre going to ban straight to dvd disney movies ? aladdin 4 : jafar may need glasses 1 or 2 ? umm ... hahahah #familyguy
id1	id2	negative	None	dang , forrest didnt get it done . :/ he was our last american hope tonight , oh well ... now for the main event anderson silva vs yushin okami
id1	id2	neutral	None	7 of the top 10 search engine referrals for tve today are mike & molly related , thanks to melissa mccarthys win at the #emmys !
id1	id2	positive	None	witnessed a perfectly executed crash landing in the gulf of mexico today . #whatabadass URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	marvels phase two kicks off with iron man 3 trailer on october 23rd : briefly : if halloween i ... URL - danferguson.me
id1	id2	positive	None	ok so the votes for allstar coach are coming in tomorrow . send good energy . i really want this silly super important thing .
id1	id2	positive	None	takbir !! dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypts 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to egypt !
id1	id2	positive	None	+1 rt @USER wonderful company and gr8 food in chinatown last night with tour guide @USER , @USER & irene
id1	id2	positive	None	almost forgot about celebrity juice tonight , oh my . what time is it on at guys ?
id1	id2	positive	None	we are excited to announce our next day on the green on sunday january 27th - australia day long weekend ! we are ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	brilliant game by the eagles today . fitting way to mark 25 years of footy ! #goeagles #afleaglestigers
id1	id2	negative	None	microsoft wasted my whole day today ... but now im on win 7 sp1 v69sq with rockets on it . make it simple microsoft ! also , im buying a mac .
id1	id2	positive	None	real test for #bayern this weekend against the in form bayer leverkusen . a win at home on sunday will go a long way towards a 15 win streak .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on november 16 ; me , my mom , and my sister are going to see breaking dawn : part 2 #judgeus
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER not sure if the marathon should happen , but by ignoring saturdays nets game that is still on , i find this article deceptive
id1	id2	positive	None	gamers !! dont even think about missing the blurb tonight on challenge at midnight . weve got rage , deus ex , bodycount , dead island & more !
id1	id2	negative	None	#youtubepolitics this is such bs . i may not make it to watch bill clinton lay one on fluke !
id1	id2	neutral	None	astrology may be just a load of bull ... but some of it is scary true and the other half is well you can figure that out ! #d3random
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER tiger woods is awful . luckily for him his terrible golf is only going to be seen on tgc today and not cbs - where everyone can see .
id1	id2	neutral	None	afc travel to blackpool this sunday to take on bathroom soultion in the lfa 3rd round , ko 11am at squires gate fc . #blackandwhitearmy
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : west bromwich albion v aston villa 28 apr 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	heard a great pub rumour last night ireland has started printing punt and has the ability to swap back do we even have a currency press ?
id1	id2	positive	None	so tomorrow gonna stay for the game with israel yay :d
id1	id2	positive	None	#pacers extend their biggest lead of the game with a paul george jumper . up 10 pts , 48-38 , with 2:03 left 1st half !
id1	id2	positive	None	echo entertainment news : jade wright previews the best programmes on tv tonight ( thursday ): anyone who accuses c ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hiya good morning raining in scotland today mite just have a pj day ;]
id1	id2	neutral	None	3 hrs to go before the 2nd to the last episode ! wherever you are josh bradley | david archuleta in nandito ako | alwyn ana rs in tv5 manila
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012 : footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh iight i can dig it but how you going to act tomorrow night tho younging ?
id1	id2	positive	None	tennessee is going to kill troy on saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	basically the whole point of mardi gras is to sin as much as you can before ash wednesday @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i may be in the minority here , but i feel like george harrison pulled off the full hobo look better than john lennon .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ligue 1 : nadal watches as psg go top : paris st germain went to the top of ligue 1 on saturday after a kevin game ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	7-year-old signs with real madrid and will start september 6th just announced on @USER #what ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	andy rooney , 92 , will make his last regular appearance on @USER this sunday , cbs just announced .
id1	id2	positive	None	excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news ! they have no idea what their in for ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	i understand where u gt it frm .. lol rt @USER #sunday best . why my granny just say yolanda & donnie look like aladdin & jasmine . lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	am i the only one that wants it to flood in hf tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	ermahgerd , why is it only 10:46 am ?! i want sunday to come already . shopping spree at the florida mall , yes yes yes . #muchneeded
id1	id2	positive	None	obama is good for israel : tens of millions of americans will go to the polls on tuesday to vote for a president ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER good morning world ... im pleased to inform you that the carter iv will not be like watch the throne ..
id1	id2	positive	None	i am squeeing at the latest bioshock infinite trailer , it may usurp the originals place in my top 5 games ever . @USER is a genius .
id1	id2	positive	None	- grassroots racing at its best returns to marana on saturday , october 27 , at the gladden farms 10k an URL
id1	id2	negative	None	not convinced by the haye v chisora fight @USER park on saturday ... personally id rather have seen carlton cole v emile heskey
id1	id2	neutral	None	on sunday november 4th olympus experts will be on hand at the currys store in cambridge . from 10:30 am until ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	brrr that was a shock this am ! +2c windy so feels chilly but some sun :) we are colder than siberia so the tabs ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	striker louis saha signs a one-year deal at sunderland and could make his debut at arsenal on saturday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	flying out to hou monday for the jets-texans pre season mnf game ! cant wait #flightboys
id1	id2	neutral	None	time for russia to win big match - capello : russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to re ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kapal-laut opens a new shop at 3rd floor beachwalk bali , the heart of tourism in bali . @USER pic.twitter.com/vknybxqc
id1	id2	neutral	None	jr. preds won 2nd game against the columbus flames 8-0 . go preds !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey sue . so excited to see you at wppi u tomorrow . were coming don canada and would love to buy you a drink . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	for arsenal and spurs sake , lets hope the futures of fabregas and modric are sorted before aug 31st .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER smh im just waiting on the black ppl to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel lol niggas !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	which players do you think deserve to be in saf starting xi against arsenal on saturdays game ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	cold pizza and mass effect 3 . i want my leg healed !! going to look up some voodoo shit . ill be walking , jumping and running tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mt @USER my apologies : my bronchitis prevents it , and countdown tonight . bill carter & @USER replace , respectively
id1	id2	neutral	None	ill let killing joke deal with my sunday night blues instead . thats dave grohl on drums too . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER maby cuz u are sooo good at bowling and they are now scared from u :p they got sick from u taking the 1st place everytime
id1	id2	neutral	None	late halloween party next saturday & going as thriller michael jackson , is it to controversial to hold a baby doll too ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	87-85 sounds like the 3rd quarter score between warriors and suns not the final .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER obama said that trayvon martin could be his son ... stands to reason he obama may have even more sons ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER are you really saying that fps russia plays with airsoft guns ... cmon he doesnt need that hes got the real shit
id1	id2	neutral	None	#stluciemets honoring the late gary carter this thurs in game vs lakeland . carters family , hojo will be in attendance . @USER #mets
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER after hours tonight - jammin , dimples , durrty skanx , harry shotta , byron & romo audio download : URL > big !
id1	id2	neutral	None	boogie song of the day ... oh ricky martin : que mas da happy sunday 2 everyone recovering from halloween party hangovers URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	snow may fall for parts of cny the next few days . find out where the best chances will be at 6:42 am on tv & online : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yea gibbs to score the 4th for afc still
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if you see a girl shouting with all their might thats me :) see you in mexico city !! 1st october :)
id1	id2	positive	None	on sunday please watch sarah g live , one of myrtle`s dream will come true - together with melai , myrtle will having a song number with sarah
id1	id2	neutral	None	help white arrows in their invisible children campaign ! see em at the bottle next friday with family of the year ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kevin rudd rents out canberra mansion and lives it up at hyatt - herald sun : kevin rudd rents out canberra mansi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	love how i skipped every category of the ntas besides the soaps . couldnt give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	effat university wins the 1st p&gs university challenge at the procter and gambles university competition . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did anyone see rachel khoo making oeufs en cocotte a few weekends ago on saturday kitchen ? heres my take on it : ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER .. morning austin ... im going to bed now .. hahha 8:45 pm in south africa . writing math exam tomorrow . wish me luck xx
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy thursday ! enjoyed the show so much last night watched 4x . #thankyoutimeshifting !! have a great day my greek !
id1	id2	neutral	None	after the mid tennessee vs . western kentucky game , i hear theyre gonna play the 2nd annual ogalla , nebraska snail chuckin pageant .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sprint may not want to buy clearwire after all URL #news #benefits #bloomberg #clearwire #future
id1	id2	neutral	None	world bank earmarks $245 million for myanmar , outlines 18-month work plan : the world bank said on thursday it ha ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	- joseph prince ( fb ): jesus is not present to find fault with you today . you may have been raised in ... jesus is n ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	aaron rodgers may be the best qb in the nfl and he is still improving -yahoo sports ! nigga fuck with my teamm
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 30th birthday , matthew @USER inman ! seems appropriate that you share a birthday with jim henson ...
id1	id2	negative	None	really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd #biasprick
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER a dance december 8th , for all the cheerleaders in the district at east .
id1	id2	negative	None	because yall have been complaing about him alll the dam time .. not like me since i was in 3rd grade parker has been my main baby <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	primavera : bologna-milan tomorrow - milan & #45 ; after a loss to cesena and a won over verona , the primavera side get ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	pretty sure hes a smarty pants lawyer and not at all new to christianity or christmas for that matter . its the 25th . #dumbass
id1	id2	neutral	None	cba with work tonight . tommorw . sat . sun . and monday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	brit award winning pop-star mika is set to return with his brand new album the origin of love , released on island records on september 16 .
id1	id2	positive	None	arm hurts like crazy open house tomorrow and church tonight !!! i love them so much <3
id1	id2	positive	None	first time i ever heard ss was in 6th grade and i actually loved it . i didnt know the song at the the time so i couldnt continue to listen
id1	id2	neutral	None	sept 19 rt @USER im hella mad they just showed a sons of anarchy commercial & ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	valor video shoot tomorrow night ... hope its stupid creative !
id1	id2	positive	None	devo brown : thanks for another great night everyone !! dont forget tomorrow roz and mocha speak with lloyd robertson & jason priestley !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER what lies have they told ? catholics may have been ethnically cleansed in some areas but protestants got it worse , no ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	how much does @USER want to win va ? enough for 2 more rallies here on monday , last day of campaigning , in lynchburg & fairfax .
id1	id2	positive	None	its tuesday night in athens ! aka karaoke night at the volstead so come see me !!
id1	id2	positive	None	happiest baby on the block class is being offered at national nanny training day april 28th URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to watching the mackems smash the mags . roll on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sprint to buy stake in clearwire : sprint nextel corp . on thursday said that it wants to buy out the founder of c ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER klub ace !!! klub ace !!! this saturday !!! $5 with ur college id til 11:30 ... south after party
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ya but my dad is most likely taking it to san fran tomorrow :/
id1	id2	neutral	None	tampa bay buccaneers : game-by-game predictions for 2nd half of the season - bleacher report #buccaneers URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	119 unread emails to go ! if everyone can just agree to not email me today , i could have these read by the time i fly to tallahassee tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	#nowwatching ~ silent house . guess im in love w/ elizabeth olsen . gotta find martha marcy may marlene . heard that shes really good there
id1	id2	neutral	None	front line with kamran shahid - 22 may 2012 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so u tx me and ask if i can spend the night . haha i dont even know u ( kevin hart voice ) haha
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saw bruce springsteen in june . wrecking ball great but jack of all trades v moving song of life in the credit crunch
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER josh bradley turns 23 tommorrow !! july 15 . hope all is well with you !! enjoying your music . have some halo-halo !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yea i say , mid january for a new single . right in time for the superbowl & video at the end of january leading into superbowl
id1	id2	neutral	None	plant city driver charged with dui in fatal crash - oct 30 @USER pm et URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nasa measures extragalactic background light ! awesome implications for understanding the big bang better ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey nowt wrong with a bit of german cheese !!! i hoping they 2nd rammstein at download !!! #whatapair
id1	id2	neutral	None	s/o to one of my clients for the season ticks ! saturday we are live in lexington levels URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah with miss may i too . its on the 1st at backstage live
id1	id2	neutral	None	real america will stand up for itself on tuesday and make it count . mitt is ready to lead us out of our jimmy carter funk were in
id1	id2	negative	None	i just finished the 5th season of army wives ... now what do i do
id1	id2	positive	None	so lucky that im off college tuesday , wednesday and thursday next week when im going watching evanescence on tuesday night :d
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the winans are doing the smash hit tomorrow its cool but not the same without all the brothers . more on the whitney memorial .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER after @USER call i foresee the jackals lining up for studio visits on thursdays .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jordan : activists call for november 1 sit-in near palestinian diplomatic mission in amman to condemn the oslo agreements
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey friend . i stopped by last saturday . will be in huntsville this weekend checking on family . catch you next time .
id1	id2	neutral	None	get to know amy lee ! want to know more about evanescences leading lady amy lee ? amy sat down to answer some of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER come to green valley ranch jeff timmons wired show buddy i play guitar in it !!! this friday and saturday in ovation room
id1	id2	neutral	None	music picks : r . kelly , leonard cohen , cat power : fri 11/2 grace potter & the nocturnals the wiltern if anyone should ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ 3243 ] we just unlocked motorola mb200 from nigeria mtn network . unlock your cell phone today at URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if were still 3rd favourites at the end of the day then odds have more shit than white hart lane and anfield put together .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this saturday were in scenic petrolia - come one , come all to the mattole valley community centers mid-summer ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER welcome home from nigeria ! my 2nd @USER guest blog post is up , on us biosimilars market - will you read ? :) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great to meet you sat . if youre free weds 24 oct 9pm for our residency : leicester square theatre , well sort you a comp . x
id1	id2	neutral	None	get out the vote in wi tomorrow ! rt @USER wisconsin recall , part two : fleebaggers face the music URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	you can watch the movie four lions on channel 4 in the uk next sunday at 9pm -- see where i get all my jokes from . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this is the last sunday w/o football ..., nfl is back baby
id1	id2	neutral	None	november 11 youll probably see me at the house of blues . #mp #themaine
id1	id2	neutral	None	tottenham hotspur boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian .
id1	id2	positive	None	ok , party people , whos going to be at jeff timmons last wired show tomorrow night ? show him some love if youre in town ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	bible study at #ffchurch tonight ! so stoked ! havent been back since ny and bama .
id1	id2	neutral	None	world banks most business-friendly countries ; malaysia is the 12th most competitive economy on the world for doing business .
id1	id2	positive	None	the 1st black woman to ever host the academy awards was = @USER i want to be like her ! #blackhistorymoment
id1	id2	neutral	None	top ten strikers who are on the premier leagues january wishlist URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER mitch are you free on sunday to bale leaves for an hour ? if not no big deal you can have them for animals
id1	id2	neutral	None	#saphila +1500 people in the superbowl at sun city to discover how to help africa run like never before
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL price : id take vitali fight : david price says he would fight vitali k ... URL click-1st-link ! 2win
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont give a fuck though , its all about #sockersweek #chicagomagicpsg friday night lights at olympic park
id1	id2	neutral	None	alright nicky fwd : from : 4028890972 sent : nov 1 10:28 pm message : idc what he says .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER full of veteran kickers due into #redskins park tomorrow . no word on whether it will run over cundiff . watch it go wide rt .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to jungle island tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	bay area heads ! ill be on the piano at yoshis san fran this sunday playing with the one n only dwight trible - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ualr fights off 3 match point by asu to win 27-25 . we are going 5 . asu 1-0 while ualr 5-4 . 5th time is sbc play for ualr , 1st for red wolves
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out some live jazz music from david taylor and tom ogunribido today from 12-2pm in the lpc student center 2nd floor dining area !
id1	id2	neutral	None	pic : jose mourinho with sun mingming ( chinese basket ball player & one of the tallest men on earth . ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER tune into @USER tomorrow for a special @USER #pushandshove news segment during the 7am & 9am hours ! nooo
id1	id2	neutral	None	un chief heads to japan as nuclear crisis simmers : un chief ban ki-moon arrives in japan on sunday , where he pla ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	first tweet ever , loving san diego ! busy day like always and ready for @USER on fuel tv tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	done work for the week , seeing rush tomorrow in buffalo , then playing with plan b at brydens in milton sat for the halloween bash . wooo !
id1	id2	neutral	None	foreign commentator award at the #commentawards goes to the late marie colvin of the sunday times
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may have just splurged on this : firefly : a celebration ( anniversary edition ) by joss whedon ... #dontjudgeme URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sos not an over the top comedy : ashwni dhir : mumbai , nov 1 ( ians ) forthcoming comedy son of sardaar might be ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	wait if the power is out tomorrow then im going to miss a new how i met your mother , nooo
id1	id2	neutral	None	inbetweeners and ben and jerrys tonight i think !
id1	id2	negative	None	jonathan clarys blocked punt sets up mike longos 3-yard td run and laguna hills cuts dana hills lead to 20-17 with 9:38 left in 3rd
id1	id2	positive	None	fun night tonight at vampire diaries . great teen choice award winners !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do you agree with me that spearing christian was your 2nd best spear ??? after to that guy you did a spear to in royal rumble .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so i havent seen this friend since 7th grade and i just found out shes in the covina band ! they go to utah !
id1	id2	neutral	None	nick gillespie on real time with bill maher , friday 12/22 , with kirk douglas , rachel maddow , mort zuckerman , & amp ; m ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	volunteering 4 the obama campaign this am ! but i keep waitin 4 #olivia to come in yelling super tuesday is coming people ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	this time next saturday night we will be about to kick off megachurch with stan walker , jc epidemic & michael franzese ! 7 sleeps !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER pretty picture floridas skys look like that sometimes i love watching sun set .. and by the way my gma loves u
id1	id2	positive	None	high line on lower west ny is gorgeous . hope architect can do something similarly great with olympic park . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	video game trailers - launch trailer : check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3 . added : fri oct 26 00:11:11 ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	damn drexel and penn have canceled classes for monday and tuesday due to the hurricane .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did ms zepp say she wanted us to bring in those dixie cups tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	#bpl issues to be decided nov 1 : bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the bangladesh premier le ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	catholics tomorrow is the holy day of all saints many many gave their lives for jesus and the church . all the saints defended the church !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	rafeef ziadah is joining us at the rich mix alongside mark gonzales this monday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good night everyone ! much needed rest for me . tomorrow off to oslo !! playing at the oslo world music fest at park teatrett .
id1	id2	positive	None	just caught the last few minutes of @USER track endymion on @USER great track to get ready for work with . its my friday !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER check @USER timeline mate , looks like well find out if we found the gym . if vitali steps up we may have to go too
id1	id2	positive	None	comedy central real goin hard tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	early voting is open check out the mommy forum for a list of locations to get your votes in before super tuesday !... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i love tom boonen . forget the whole birth/citizen issue . i might just write him in for president in november . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	february 12th is a nice time to release it . its the week of the grammys too . albums sell that week .
id1	id2	positive	None	got email saying my copy of deus ex is on its way . if it arrives tomorrow i will literally stay up all night playing it . no joke .
id1	id2	neutral	None	amazon : extra strength hair nutrient tablets , 60-tablets ( packaging may vary ) by viviscal 649 days in the top 1 ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER and please little things vh1 premire only on or after sat . coz where iam right doesnt show up vh1 on the tv ! :( please sat .
id1	id2	neutral	None	also happening tonight : nina burleigh on the trials of amanda knox . at the new york city bar association . details here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	broncineers ! remember that tomorrow we have the kickball tournament ! games start at 5pm at the track and field ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	even if you dont go to bob jones you better wear pink tomorrow . #orelse
id1	id2	neutral	None	sprint offers to buy stake in clearwire : sprint nextel corp . said thursday that it had offered t ... URL #washingtonnews
id1	id2	positive	None	movies tomorrow with jacob :) seeing paranormal activity 4 , hopefully i dont pee myself ._.
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 11th yr preaching anniversary to a mighty man of valor @USER excited about your next dimension !!! love you !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER going to florida with the fam , ima be back tuesday tho . dont trash the room up too much ! lol .
id1	id2	neutral	None	getting ready to board ei 105 to nyc to open pinter , a celebration with julian sands drctd by john malkovich @USER on tuesday
id1	id2	neutral	None	sophia grace and rosie look back at highlights from their long singing career ( its their 1st anniversary on ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in greenville for the night , clemson tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	proud of my mom for all her hard work with best business strategies to get presidents circle in sage 50 for the 2nd year in a row ! wooo !
id1	id2	positive	None	( native ) america day is coming up next thursday ! @USER and i are going all out . #jointhetribe #mysoulisnative
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you too lovely ! i was like a big kid . see you tomorrow for x factor fun x
id1	id2	positive	None	- joseph prince ( fb ): dont worry about tomorrow ! jesus , your divine servant , has gone ahead of you , p ... dont wo ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	revis bats down sanchez pass to holmes . 3rd pbu by 24 in 2days . holmes makes up 4 it with catch on cromartie on next play . #nyj
id1	id2	neutral	None	hisd is the only district that dont got school tomorrow ii think .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk . #infobiz |
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER nah i havnt knew about the adidas deal ! u like it ? im undecided ... where u watching game sat ? im trying to get it off !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im thinking of an outfit like nick the lounge singer ( bill murray ) from the old old saturday night live . maybe a sherbet tux ?
id1	id2	negative	None	have you hated auburn today ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i just got my vans for tomorrow :d yay and my shirt green i have a grup that going to be lile that :d yay photo tomorrow <3
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to go to colts game with my sweetness tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER some guy served his food on a frickin big pebble on saturday kitchen . just put it on the floor why dont you ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER couldnt tell you the last time i threw a dart . mon rudd well even let you pay for the drink . #rotterdam
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER love the greenbrier team . tipped two of them and possibly harris englishs biggest fan . may yet add him to my staking plan .
id1	id2	positive	None	jett lounge 3701 clairmont rd atl . one of the nicest party i been all year . damn this is the place to be . ladies dont miss it smp saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i was at ramlila ground where baba ramdev is fasting at 2 pm 2nd day . in a hot and humid day all covered area was jam packed ,
id1	id2	neutral	None	im such a groupie ... just watched the ni**as in paris video ---> 1st thing i said was ... i just ordered that snapback jay is wearing !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ah woops thats my bad they play the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #idowhatican but tomorrow is just a quickish trip . the real shopping day with be at rosedale . #wewillmakeadate
id1	id2	positive	None	#7thingsaboutmybestfriend she is treating me to cookout tomorrow , first thing when i get to jacksonville . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to friday day and night ! excited to be involved in the seminar portion at drexel and the show at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER why have hammond and may been verified but not you ? #wtf
id1	id2	negative	None	facebook scam says lady gagas dead ! - realbollywood.com news : london , aug 7 : a scam doing the rounds on ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell im mad as hell and im not going to take it anymore ! #lloyd
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hope you are wrong sir . and welcome back to jacksonville tomorrow for your last show here . sorry i cant make it .
id1	id2	negative	None	may be late to the ncs thing , i honestly havent the foggiest where the central library is xd
id1	id2	negative	None	a 5th grader just told me she got iss today when i asked her why he told me that she told her teacher that she had a big butt ...
id1	id2	negative	None	things that you never do on time : apply for fafsa , your 2500 word paper due on monday , restocking on ice cream .
id1	id2	positive	None	church was cool , i think i was expecting more though . none the less ill be back next sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	#ckt #update pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit : pakistans cricket board said sunday it hopes to ... URL from #shariq
id1	id2	positive	None	great seeing u . im host of google+ hangout #romneyrally wednesday of u want invite let me know #lynndebate @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER shes invited . and ash may not go because of her . and i want ash to be there because his ae helped mine through some stuff ..
id1	id2	positive	None	church tonight was nothing but power ! i feel so blessed to have a church filled with people who are amazing . wotm i <3 u
id1	id2	neutral	None	thiiisss mofo wants me to go to auburns 1st day of practice , im going to be the only person booing !
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER golf balls with pelosis face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today . URL | sick !
id1	id2	positive	None	great #tetra in india event in mumbai . next event tuesday in jakarta . see you there ? pic.twitter.com/joowaggc
id1	id2	neutral	None	dethklok , all that remains , machine head , black dahlia murder , and the pacquiao vs marquez fight this december >>>
id1	id2	positive	None	getting @USER transcript and shot . tomorrow accuplacer and group advising . turning in fafsa tonight . making moves before ny . love you
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER james martin could have you on saturday morning kitching this will go wonderfully with the lamb ; a real musty scrote aroma
id1	id2	neutral	None	at this point , motorola and verizon may just be allowing the droid bionic , one of the most hyped phones in rec ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what are the rules regarding cameras & bags @USER stadium ? ill be @USER cincy game on the 21st .
id1	id2	positive	None	voted jean dujardin is my favorite for best actor in a film in #comedyawards . watch it on @USER may 6 at 9/8c .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#trayvon my daily tweet ( 10/20 ) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 238 days ago . ~ may you rest in peace ~ ( hang in there , family )
id1	id2	neutral	None	rally at gandhi statue , marina beach at 5 pm today . join the iacc & show your solidarity with anna hazare . pls rt & make a difference .
id1	id2	neutral	None	danny care and james haskell recalled to the england side for the third test against south africa on saturday ,
id1	id2	neutral	None	woods down to 30th in world rankings : tiger woods has dropped another two places to 30th in the latest world rankings . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	upset alert in acc mens soccer : #1 maryland down 4-2 to wake forest late in the 2nd ... and down a man after an earlier red card .
id1	id2	positive	None	today i came to the world of television , who knows , but may be very soon i will be interviewing big time rush ? i wish this all my soul ! <3
id1	id2	negative	None	if you thought the london riots were bad just wait til the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez tonight got cancelled
id1	id2	negative	None	o . johnson commits his 3rd foul ! hes cold off the bench with 3 fouls and a turnover in q4 . #pacers losing 98-87 , 4:52 left .
id1	id2	positive	None	i like what ive seen today in nns race ! we have us a 2nd groove with side by side , sometimes 3 wide on front stretch , racing ! #nascar #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey washington senior ! have you had your senior portraits taken ? the deadline for the yearbook is january 15 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#3dt make sure you find your self at the s.e.c this thursday for $3 thursdays !!! $3 w/ college id $5 w/ reg . id til 11pm !!! #iparty
id1	id2	neutral	None	local sports : special to the news-sun : plant city - the highlands youth football and cheer organization ( hyfc ) t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	da 1st chinese song ever that interests me ^ ^ --> URL .. this is ost for drama in time with you , n the drama was good ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies .
id1	id2	neutral	None	when the boys pre-recorded their performance of little things for the x factor uk on sunday , eleanor was in the audience . #1dnews
id1	id2	neutral	None	elon universitys colors are maroon and gold . we want to see some green , white and orange tomorrow at 7:30 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER are sponsoring the education initiative of the year award at #societyawards12 tomorrow . good luck to those shortlisted .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i went to jungle island in february . i prefer the miami metro zoo tho
id1	id2	negative	None	gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday
id1	id2	positive	None	no videos tomorrow , except for one . and , honestly , it is the biggest thing to happen to the group since we moved to making lp videos .
id1	id2	neutral	None	reminder noon tomorrow is the deadline to register teams for the kickball tournament at the $120 rate . price increases to $150 after friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	multiple reports sate the #dolphins appear likely to draft texas a&m qb ryan tannehill with the 8th overall pick . #nfldraft
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if i had the nerve , id buy all joe pa cutouts @USER campus n go to 2nd n maclay to sneak them in gov mansion gates ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	mark martin qualifies 3rd at charlotte . giddy about racing still says when i stop racing i will still compete pic.twitter.com/vzdei8lx
id1	id2	negative	None	i love how the #knicks get a good center for the 1st time since ewing & all of a sudden the @USER gets rid of allstar voting for the position
id1	id2	negative	None	robbie keane speaking now : we let ourselves down and we let the country down . it wasnt good enough on friday . #rtesoccer
id1	id2	negative	None	so i heard my old crush is going to the bell game tomorrow and wanna talk ? wtf ? :o #weird
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER #jeopardy where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday ... what is @USER ? #goodanswer
id1	id2	negative	None	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury : detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sundays game ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	you only have three days left , this sunday is the last day to swim at fairground pool this season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	seven has 6 shows in top 15 , abc 2nd with 5 , nine third with 4 . ten and sbs rate 0 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#cricket pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit : pakistans cricket board said sunday it hopes to arr ... URL ( f ahsaan4u )
id1	id2	positive	None	looking at the @USER results from the gold coast is getting me excited for going at twickers in may :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	the knicks are practicing tomorrow now that their game against the nets is postponed .
id1	id2	positive	None	pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit : pakistans cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a tour by banglad ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i was supposed to go to the covina game tomorrow to see josh , i dont even know wtf im doing !
id1	id2	positive	None	hers us making sure people feel ok with windows 7 today :) buy windows 7 today , keep same pc for windows 8 upgrade URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	may god wil make him cure asap , n give a long long lyf URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER playing todd bertuzzi in a golf match on sunday #ridgemountcup get in his head , uh what do you do for a living ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yoo , i got no school tomorrow , so after work i can get on psn if youll be on .
id1	id2	neutral	None	prolly go too the vcu game next friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #cowboysandaliens watched it last night , cowboys & indians (+plus aliens too ) - brilliant western with a touch of favreau spice
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im planning a winter trip to okinawa and on my way back i want to stay a few days in saga and maybe fukuoka in early january .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER no one on the lions has gotten injured today since leshoure ! contract extensions all around ! #bam
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER us uk bots cannot wait for your arrival tomorrow ! we love you rita ! x
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you realize mizzou made t-shirts celebrating their win over kentucky ! they should commemorate their 8th place finish on the back .
id1	id2	negative	None	oh no she didnt ! bgv r @USER i cant wait to make @USER listen to two hours of taylor swift during our drive tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	horrible dream lady night ... im tiered but today is my friday and its the start of the rodeo tonight #hearthorses
id1	id2	positive	None	lorenzo brown gave nervous #ncstate fans one less thing to worry about on tuesday in spain : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	igor sechin : rosnefts kremlin hard man comes out of the shadows | business | URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you off to cork ? have lots of fun & safe trip , youve done a lot since your 1st meet at eurosong haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	according to the radio , rihannas birthday cake is the official 4th of july anthem . sounds about right .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was really excited about seeing the knicks and nets play tonight but i guess i have to wait until november 26 :(
id1	id2	negative	None	my saturday night has consisted of me watching the grey with my puppy while my parents throw a rager #whaa #liamneesonisbosstho
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is definitely gonna be a calm , casimir pulaski day #greatkickoff #goodnight
id1	id2	neutral	None	explore the work of jeff carter - a writer , photographer , chronicler of life in the bush . coming up on artscape , aug 14 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the skinny : breezy may be getting it from riri and ex , kt . getting that cake ! cake ! cake ! and eating it too . <3 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	michael jackson bad 25 will air november 22 on abc . make sure you watch it ! :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER haha cool (: yeah i got them from URL in march , they still have tons , they just get more expensive over time :/
id1	id2	positive	None	looking for something to do this weekend in cny ? here are the best bets : thursday : rapper wiz khalifa will headl ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	without carl nicks , bucs to shuffle o-line : some major news out of the tampa bay buccaneers on tuesday afternoon ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hai @USER please hear me :d we want avrils new single maybe just teaser 1st itll oke for me !
id1	id2	positive	None	just landed in las vegas !!! so excited to start canvassing for obama tomorrow with @USER and @USER :) #getoutthevote
id1	id2	positive	None	thinking neighbors probably dont have work tomorrow . so , its cool if i turn up the judas priest and just rock out all night , yeah ?
id1	id2	positive	None	we need some sunday magic like his 62 in the final round of the honda classic !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER negative ! 90s would be the poetic justice look or how they dressed in friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	our new dance instructor for #clubfitness has toured w/ beyonce !!! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday could turn out to be a big day in the case of george zimmerman , who is accused of murdering trayvon marti ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jason vernau live @USER march 16 th 2012 miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera & friends by @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #cowboysandaliens watched it last night , cowboys & indians (+plus aliens too ) - brilliant western with a touch of favreau spice
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is finally catching up to me with #dexter . im only up to season 4 , but he has almost finished season 2 today @USER ill .
id1	id2	positive	None	isats tomorrow . make it or break it for north georgia . getting a good nights sleep tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	saltalamacchia is the 4th red sox catcher to hit at least 16 hr in back-to-back seasons , joining carlton fisk , rich gedman and jason varitek
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we are just preparing for #ios5 when steve jobs has us tweet everything ! i hope you enjoy your day today ! see you tomorrow !
id1	id2	negative	None	buffalo bills kyle williams misses practice thursday : for a second straight day , buffalo bills ... URL #bills #nfl
id1	id2	neutral	None	late friday meet was just to clear air , says bjp a day later : sources said the rumour about gadkari quitt ... URL #india
id1	id2	neutral	None	hi to everyone at the university of denver publishing program ! ill try to throw in a couple extra book-related tweets tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	wichita st. with fundamental breakdowns in 8th . hall singles , harbutz fails to bunt him over . hall picked off . coy whiffs . siu lead is 4-3
id1	id2	neutral	None	ufc on fuel tv 5 preliminary card preview : this saturday , the ufc once again comes to fuel tv . coming ... URL #ufc #mma
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you in london on wednesday ? were being tourists with my brothers merlin pass !! hope youre having a good break :)
id1	id2	positive	None	were in the studio working on the new album and it sounds epic . we may as well pick up our brit award now , tbh .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ps i have been seeing on our chicago news about henryvilles new ( old ? ) school . have a good day tomorrow it is midnight already tc
id1	id2	neutral	None	the season opener for the new york knicks is now miami @USER york on friday . thats how it should be .
id1	id2	positive	None	tickets selling well for northern lights talk with @USER on thurs 8 nov , 6.30 pm central library . to book URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 27 1962 : u2 aircraft strays over siberia . usaf interceptors sent to protect armed with nuclear warheads #cuba1962
id1	id2	neutral	None	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app : apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the co ... URL #coreformulas
id1	id2	positive	None	dethklok , all that remains , and black dahlia murder in november ? i can dig it !
id1	id2	positive	None	excited about @USER for mac ... november 8 cant come soon enough ! clear for ios + mac = minimalistic todo list nirvana .
id1	id2	neutral	None	parmas 3-1 v roma : biabiany was offside on the 1st pass attempt , but the ball stopped on the wet pitch and he received the ball on 2nd one !
id1	id2	neutral	None	and finally .. @USER dad says he will play with a point to prove if he starts against nigeria in #u20worldcup last 16 on wednesday
id1	id2	neutral	None	sundays lovely gossip : fabregas to pay his way out of arsenal , the boy alex to arrive soon , crouch and rodwell ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	will take a photo eating halo halo tomorrow and will send it to @USER ! for josh bradleys birthday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i might invite myself over julians house tomorrow now that i think about it lol
id1	id2	positive	None	and its finally here , strawberry festival today 9-5 and tomorrow 10-4 , thank you god for the answered prayer of no rain !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	getting my vans either thursday or friday for the game
id1	id2	positive	None	i find it funny that this is the 5th year in a row that brad paisley and carrie underwood have hosted the cmas
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER demi is performing at the houston rodeo on march 3 @USER pic.twitter.com/ohsuabjp
id1	id2	negative	None	ghost rider 2 is pretty shit .. i liked the 1st one in all honesty but the 2nd is badly directed .. the shaky camera style is disorientating
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER same could be said about marie colvin . i may not liked him , nor his employer but he never harmed anyone and he has family .
id1	id2	neutral	None	world book day was mon and no one gave me a book . no one even gave me back any of the books theyve borrowed URL #hinthint
id1	id2	negative	None	watching good deeds for the 1st time & im here all emotional & crap . smh
id1	id2	neutral	None	on the net looking to buy a house in rosedale by april at least 4bdrms n 2full baths
id1	id2	positive	None	after watching the campaign again i have realized that step brothers is still the funniest will ferrell movie but this one is in 2nd place
id1	id2	positive	None	in the car with the parents on the way back home home . heading to atl to say good-bye to sweet irenetomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think thats standard now . its actually an improvement . before they were saying the 11th . now the 9th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sat waiting for the bus trying to beat my high score on temple run #justbecause
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sorry that we couldnt get you in the party . the guys i was playing with refuse to play ground war . open lobby on wed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	expect light-moderate rains over e . visayas ; cebu , bohol , samar & leyte have 30-70% chance of rains tonight ! expect fair weather tomorrow ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER trudat ! the case is now state of florida vs george zimmerman ! i may need to seek some educating about that .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i hope all your loved ones back in maryland are okay ! i didnt see you , wednesday . :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nice ! disagreement ! of course , he sat down with boehner only thi @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i drafted adrian peterson 2nd overall , tony romo in the 2nd rd and maurice jones drew in the 3rd round . beat that !
id1	id2	neutral	None	red cross : syria conflict is now a civil war : the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now considers the confli ...
id1	id2	negative	None	criticism of rick perry is ridiculous , which choice ? obamas hip-hop barbecue two days ago , or perry praying for the president today ?
id1	id2	positive	None	must get all my work done and ahead with cleaning my house before 10pm so i can have a night in with the sons of anarchy
id1	id2	neutral	None	wku holding mtsu on first 2 downs for no gain ... 3rd and goal from the 5 now
id1	id2	positive	None	we nailed the trifecta at #belmont today for $ 1,139 . 00 in the 7th race ! check it out : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hi guys , girls working tonight : - passion , alice , harley , sky , stacey , adriana , may , paige and willow . see you soon x
id1	id2	positive	None	feels like super bowl sunday waiting for the big tnf game tonight ! whats everyone doing for kc v sd ?!? #cantcontainexcitement
id1	id2	neutral	None	so with bey performing at the superbowl in feb . im assuming new material in the coming months before hand then album after grammys
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos on google+ ? we want you to participate in a live google+ hangout with animalsense next wed 10/24 at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for the west chester ohio rally with mitt tomorrow night along with the great gov of oh ! #romneyryan2012 @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	great photo exhibition : everything was moving : photography from the 60s and 70s / untill 13 jan 2013 barbican centre URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember the 4th round prospect that made people question iupatis ability at senior bowl ? @USER #geno
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ohh :d i just came back from melaka :d will go to sepang tomorrow -.-
id1	id2	positive	None	so dublin won the all ireland yesterday .. #notreally #getfucked #gaa
id1	id2	negative	None	keith richards means nothing to monday night and is awful , cant we all just forgive hank jr !?!
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for the nuggets game tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget mitch daniels is going to be on steven colberts show thursday . think this will come up as a topic ?
id1	id2	positive	None	our last draw for an hd tv is today , 24 feb ., at noon . good luck , everyone ! details to enter the #pplhdtv comp : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	come see my brother tonight at the roxy ! @USER an events page found on google for my show tomorrow ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	state farm just postponed my sale date scheduled for tomorrow for a new short sale listing taken today for $1.9 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	en plein visionnage de shut up and play the hits ! james murphy est mon dieu ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	##$$## black friday deals canon ef 70-300mm f/4- 5.6 is usm zoom lens with hoya uv filter + hood + accessory kit for ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	would love to know the truth about amanda knox . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if i ever celebrated halloween id either be janet jackson from poetic justice or the girl w/ the braids from friday :d
id1	id2	positive	None	morning , its all systems go for the week !! paytime and deus ex out later in the week this is truly #biwinning
id1	id2	positive	None	performing tomorrow at the harold washington cultural center with @USER come support the team pic.twitter.com/9yegfkrz
id1	id2	positive	None	#np bagsakan by parokya ni edgar , gloc 9 and francis m . <3 i may sound baduy but its the only tagalog song nga nindooot jod kaayo dmd <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	the destination of thursdays premier league was decided today , see whos gone into the hall of fame . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	all this damn work i still havent had the chance to call martin about these poems . i have to do it tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	these lil girls singing birthday cake ... girl it was yo 10th birthday the other day smh lol
id1	id2	positive	None	rt if youre stoked about monday night football !!
id1	id2	positive	None	grab the latest issue of the record out on campus now and stay dry this morning ! happy friday !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im meeting you again on monday :) hope you remember me camilla parker bowles lol im gettin a taxi again :/ love you so much xxx
id1	id2	negative	None	to play temple run , to watch himym season 8 , orrr ... to sleep in readiness for tomorrows morning interview - decisions are hard to make ! :(
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning bomb squad family ! i hope you all have a lovely saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	team news : moussa dembele , emmanuel adebayor and gareth bale will all miss the game tomorrow against maribor . #thfc
id1	id2	positive	None	star ships were made to flyyy #nowaynicki #congrats you passed 1st grade .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER nov 1st facebook , sean ryan put plarium on the board as no . 1 social game in q4 , i can send you links to his interview
id1	id2	positive	None	on september 3 at the pride park ground , derby , uk . there will be india vs pakistan football match . that will surely be worth watching !
id1	id2	negative	None	eww lady gaga is at the femme fatale tour tonight . dont be surprised if you see gaga using britneys props on her next tour lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	spending quality time with katherine louise and mileys smiley ! katie leaves indiana tomorrow . #sadtweet #gonnamissher #sad #gonnacry
id1	id2	positive	None	sonny bill williams named in the first xv to face tonga on friday . this man is one to watch my other is isreal dagg #rwc2011
id1	id2	neutral	None	anonymous asked : would we have a chance at seeing you for topless tuesday ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER five year old decided he needed to follow a 2nd team when abs not playing . which one ? after alot of thought : tonga
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hope u have a great show tonight . me & the chi/in girls are so excited to see you in london tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER forget about dook now we own that series anyways ! lets beat state this saturday as we continue on to a succesful season .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER looks like its coming on valentines day . i liked the 4th , i think 5 will be just as good . hes in russia this time .
id1	id2	positive	None	mizzou commemorates its win over kentucky with a t-shirt . no , really . | dr. saturday - yahoo ! sports URL #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER maybe ? havent ask yet , i told my mum bout it , sounds like my mum also wanna go xd
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER would you be up for full day of movies at mine on thursday ? :p so far tarzan and the notebook is on the list xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	randy lynch at oscars this friday night with his band black list . pic.twitter.com/jf1dswng
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its not that bad , we have purim , which its almost the same thing but its on march
id1	id2	negative	None	gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow im doing a poll at 5pm-which series of dancing on ice is ur fave the celeb+pro that won the series will get a shoutout
id1	id2	positive	None	nuit blanche is oct 1 . lets hope it doesnt rain .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my source from the arsenal camp has leaked me a pre-meditated xi for saturday , anyone want me to post it ? > bruce <
id1	id2	positive	None	met @USER via google+ hangout on wednesday ! so cool to meet someone that youve actually cited in paper :)
id1	id2	negative	None	i was definitely hype for that knicks and nets game tonight & give brooklyn they 1st l fuck you #hurricanesandy
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiffany , cnblues yonghwa and b2sts kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10 : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know ! im still in alabama but ill be back soon . next thursday ill be featured at bakers so you gotta come through !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow night at the roxy come check out the saturdays @USER you wont be disappointed ! @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER norma they are cat 1 bought on 1st day they released . cant tell exact seats till 2 morrow in work computer from ticketek .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER * as i sat and thought * i lied . total praise , thank you , then the winans joints
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1 & half eps . 1st was proper debate . next ep did my best keith richards impression with the tv . neighbours gave 10s for distance
id1	id2	positive	None	did anyone read the nyt interview with egyptian president mohamed morsi on saturday ? good read : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sorry to the directioners , beliebers , lovatics , and team grimmie people who dont like btr but tomorrow is going to be all to kendall .
id1	id2	positive	None	mastered gamedev story , finally . now ill have to get a new game for the flight tomorrow . suggestions ? ( ipad games )
id1	id2	neutral	None	victor cruz said tuesday that his agent and the @USER have agreed on the structure of a new contract . @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	joleon pretty face lescott & edin i want to play for milan dzeko scored for the city . de gea should have done better on the 2nd goal .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the new die antwoord , diiv , japandroids , 1st foo album , gnr lies , any nirvana
id1	id2	positive	None	yay ~ payday today , and ill be in austin tomorrow nite to see leonard cohen !!! i gotsa four ~ day weekend on my hands !! happy fukn halloween !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER watched the cricket , awesome game , followed by jersey shore and seven dwarves ! great night of tv !
id1	id2	positive	None	watch espn tonight to see me burning @USER for a sick goal on the top ten . #realbackyardfifa
id1	id2	positive	None	good friday afternoon ! construction & a crash on the ramp from 85 northbound to 400 northbound causing delays heading up from brookwood !
id1	id2	neutral	None	raleigh and fayette counties have been added to the winter storm watch from late sunday to late tuesday . higher ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lol yea i did nigga ! & i said wassup _ was tryin to see was u going up to fairground when the sun leave & shit
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched act of valor for the 4th time - i do like that movie .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER would you be able to give @USER a shoutout ? theyre gonna be on x factor tomorrow nath :) xx
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER that may lower his rank in the mcgeezers he will go down to the d league
id1	id2	positive	None	my 1st tweet , chose you @USER saw u in banff , thankful our snow isnt as damaging as the weather youre dealing with ! keep safe & dry
id1	id2	neutral	None	total rainfall @USER since september 1 is 7.64 which is more than double the normal ( 3.72 ) through the same period .
id1	id2	positive	None	i will hit up saks 5th and buy one item , idc how much it is . i deserve it ^_^
id1	id2	neutral	None	#wwe creative seems so out of control lately , the next ppv may as well have mick foley v . dude love in a mr. socko match for buys .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we just received word that our nov 3rd show at the pch club with ted nugent tribute stranglehold has been ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	catch @USER in the gloaming live ! at leicester square theatre on the 25th & 28th URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	very quiet story-wise this morning . my only emails have been about my yammer activity & an alert about pj harvey tickets going on sale .
id1	id2	positive	None	in mommys phone want her to have a happy birthday . you may reference it as happy birthday ladybug if you like , one of her many nicknames .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will you get your driver to stop outside cobham tomorrow so i can have a picture with you ? #chatoscar
id1	id2	neutral	None	departure of ship : ams 111 port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 4:47 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approa ...
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the best moments of inbetweeners last night highlighted the fact that ( towie ) is full of helmets . surely im not the only one ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	christmas or the feast of dedication ? passover or easter ? memorial day or purim ? july 4th or feast of pentecost ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : west ham united v sunderland 22 sep 2012 : footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday is cold but here . how are you guys doing ? win evanescence tickets plus stone sours new album in about 15 minutes ...
id1	id2	negative	None	that girl rhonda rousey is bad . and shes got 6 ws all by way of 6 1st rd arm bars . #badass
id1	id2	neutral	None	cmon cam and the panthers ! u r the missing link in my quinfecta weekend . hard to do ... app win , unc win , state loss , dook loss , panther win
id1	id2	positive	None	went to the strawberry festival with my babe earlier today and now being lazy . maybe a dinner date tonight to top off this perfect sunday :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning rooody !! much love mane from bama ! ready to see you do what you do ! smoke da fins tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	you may not have known steve sabols name , but chances are you knew his work . ron jaworski and more look back : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER she shot it on december 21 2011 the same week as rim & sh . those screenshots were for the vibe magazine .
id1	id2	negative	None	lets see what shitty movie netflix has recommended for me to watch tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you bet ! and @USER & i will have best seats in the house on mon .
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you like data ? are you in bangalore ? india ? well come and chat with me and @USER at matteo on church st tomorrow at 6pm . #datameet
id1	id2	neutral	None	astrology numerology now host z . starman talks about the upcoming mercury retrograde that begins november 6th - ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	gym workout starting with beyonce then katy , kylie and finally bruno great start to the morning
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER good morning killa ! whos your pick for the georgia - boise state game this saturday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	will @USER @USER @USER @USER or any other ses grads be at the fhsu vs . ksu wbb game tomorrow ?! #comeseeme :)
id1	id2	positive	None	super excited for homecoming saturday with monroe ! :d my new nephew is here but i cant see him :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	buyers of wal-born supplements may get refunds from walgreens : the company touted the supplements likeness to t ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER who will get the tough buckets in the 4th quarter for , the bulls ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	hear ma seh tweeps the place to be on december 15th is the ultimate vintage enuh !!! at the one and only oneils place !! ting ago slap weh !
id1	id2	positive	None	really looking forward to the release of deus ex : hr on friday , just annoying that north america gets it tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	still time to ask saturday kitchen legend james martin a question , hes just given us the lowdown on strictly URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the clown has broken the record and become the 1st film to win 12 brazilian academy awards yesterday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hf @USER for pay what you wish week ! oct 29- nov 4 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false . we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	so @USER will be in the @USER london studio tomorrow morning . hope no one mentions harrys brit award error
id1	id2	positive	None	weird thing today , my copy of deus ex : hr shipped . probaby have the box a few days before steam lets me play it .
id1	id2	negative	None	police fear ivan leach , also known as lee cyrus carried out a very serious sexual assault in tayside , scotland , since he absconded on oct 9
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i had vick and flacco , needed an upgrade . vick may get benched , jennings a back up again soon . i thought it was a win for me .
id1	id2	positive	None	fun day !! walked over the brooklyn bridge ... ate waaay to much !! tomorrow fingers crossed i get standing room for book of mormon ! night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tomorrow maybe !? like during tok and lunch ? ill go tomorrow and you can go wednesday ? :)
id1	id2	positive	None	morgan state & hampton univ go head to head at the #nyulclassic on nov 17 @USER stadium ! @USER wed love to see you there !
id1	id2	negative	None	cant wait until saturday morning when im at work at 5am unloading the freight and i have maria on my ass behind me with the mop and broom
id1	id2	neutral	None	every friday join us for mass at 9am & 5:30 pm + all day adoration at st angelas #mattapan catholic church @USER #boston bilangual
id1	id2	negative	None	i wanna go to the studio with ulysses n them tomorrow , but i cant . #bars
id1	id2	negative	None	time for james harden ( 34 points ) to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the 4th #linsanity #sarcasm
id1	id2	neutral	None	#wordtomymuva im going to that lakers vs heat game feb 10th in miami #iamnotpetty
id1	id2	negative	None	2nd episode of family guy , i missed it the first time (:
id1	id2	negative	None	i will once again be missing another brookwood event that everyone will be talking about tomorrow because of soccer #whatsnew
id1	id2	positive	None	i still remember the first time i heard what makes you beautiful on the radio . it was february 25th . (; #specialnight
id1	id2	neutral	None	its going down this thursday @USER signature 2001 lumpkin rd suite #3dollathursdays $3 w/ college id ! everyone else $5 18+ w/ id !!! #colga
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i remember 1st seeing veldheer @USER senior bowl thinking this kid can ball . fortunately we got him
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER michael jackson - hollywood tonight pic.twitter.com/asvtgxl
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think the last timw i went trick or treating was probably in the 5th grade . i dress up as avril lavigne ! i was obsessed with her back then
id1	id2	positive	None	headlines in n.o. paper tomorrow . denver run all over the aints !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	brook lopez with a double double in the 3rd #netsnation
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha , i hardly knew about them and one day i was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the brit awards with her :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER at irving plaza nyc july 21 . chexk out the poster : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#2 divison iii offense in the nation vs . the best team weve played this saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	world music festival rocks city saturday : maria muldaur headlines the day-long event , which bring french gypsy j ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha dude it was mental , by far easiest defensive driving course created . yeah i heard thalia and caroline are coming thursday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	5 . di java jazz tahun berapa alex dan beno berjumpa for the 1st time ? #divortrivia
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER is in the running to get a 2012 @USER top-rated award and needs 10 new positive reviews by november 15th to win !...
id1	id2	neutral	None	i might go to pierce the veil at northern lights ( sold out ) in albany , ny - oct 31 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i really do love cous cous but boy it goes bloody everywhere . i blame clarkson , hammond and may for the distraction .
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to those who came down today !! thanks for the love tonight !! bkk bound now !! see ya party people next wednesday !! #tgiw <3 ghetto :)
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday to my ace , bestfriend & lowkey sister @USER ..!! hope you have fun , see you sunday so we can turn up !! #ayyyeee
id1	id2	neutral	None	dtn kazakhstan : : capello ill tweak lineup for azerbaijan gamecoach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER met you today at cobham !! gave you my twitter ? any chance of that follow mate ? thanks for stopping , good luck tomorrow dude !!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER we couldnt make it to jan though edd is 4 jan ! im a feb kid & if it coincides with the cny , i only get 1 ang bao ! bah !
id1	id2	neutral	None	phinsider week 8 picks : thursday night football continues tonight with the tampa bay buccaneers facing the minne ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	westbound into the u . s . - ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks no delay -cars no delay
id1	id2	negative	None	the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	totally crashed my ipad tonight . it locked up , and wouldnt even power off . used the hold pwr and home bttn trick , to force reboot .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow at #wingsday catch the playoff game with knicks vs heat @USER on the sounds . reserve your table now 214-444-9161 !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	finish watching ghost rider : spirit of vengeance . movie was alright . i still prefer the 1st one better .
id1	id2	neutral	None	had to cut the mohawk off gotta look grown for tomorrow night at club pulse
id1	id2	neutral	None	wwe monday night raw : live blog , results & coverage of the road to summerslam - bleacher report : bleacher ... URL #live
id1	id2	neutral	None	-10 in the last round . started the day at tied 7th place ended up winner . nick watney .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to opeth at apolo in barcelona , spain - nov 22 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	being addicted to temple run may be the worst thing thats happened to me haha .
id1	id2	neutral	None	( wbb ) first media timeout #ssu trails #armstrong 39-45 in the 2nd half .
id1	id2	neutral	None	- joseph prince ( fb ): when your problems were in your hands , the weight and the burden may have crushe ... when you ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER failed yet again with #bpos and their customer service - overnight work - guess what microsoft ? its morning here .
id1	id2	positive	None	have you picked up your december issue of wdc yet ? it includes a full in-depth review of nikons d600 ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	may i ask whats so cool about a$ap rocky ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday kitchen , rick stein , makes me want to move to australia
id1	id2	neutral	None	in the very 1st episode of transformers , it looked like soundwave transformed into the cybertonian equivalent of a lamppost .
id1	id2	neutral	None	klitschko vs . wach , 10th of nov in germany , note it down in your tv schedules !
id1	id2	positive	None	anonymous to wikileaks : were more interested in transparent govts & bringing out info they want to hide from public . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	another double play helps lafayette get out of sixth-inning trouble . going to the bottom of the 6th , lafayette 3 , mexico 3 .
id1	id2	negative	None	idc anymore everyone leave me alone at school tomorrow im going pissed ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER prob not till schuler gets back . im moving to knoxville in january so itll be the last one for a while i feel like
id1	id2	positive	None	beer and chicken night ! watching #dexter till the working hours ( 11.59 pm - 8 am ) maybe we should reserve the nickname dexter ? might be fun
id1	id2	neutral	None	spending my last night in indianapolis with my mom and cousin . headed to idaho tomorrow ! pic.twitter.com/kcbgoqlv
id1	id2	neutral	None	pretty little liarsss timeee , because i missed the premier on tuesday :3 then degrassi , then jshore ... woo for being occupied
id1	id2	negative	None	final destination 5 ? pretty sure final means the last one ... not the 5th one .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh thats right duels are tomorrow ha good luck to you and will
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : oct 28 , 2012 eunhae @USER to nanjing looks like the fish was feeling possessive >_> URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER woody , do a mail monday with fps russia ? those are so funny !
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for halloween tomorrow i am going to be jake from state farm
id1	id2	positive	None	rhonda rousey is too good ! 6 wins in the first round by arm bar . she may not be beaten !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER come on pires ! enjoy the show ! shout out to people in the u.k. and ireland wouldnt go astray ! its almost 3 am on a sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	there is still time to register for happiest baby on the block ! come have brunch tomorrow morning , learn how ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i loved the episode !!! can ; t wait until hart of dixie returns november 13th !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	jeremy evans may have just completed the 2012-2013 nba play of the year and its only preseason . video to come shortly . rip ronny turiaf .
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to go with me tomorrow night to go see @USER at the roxy theater ? tickets are cheep . thanks and please please please !
id1	id2	positive	None	success saturday- having a great time at the 4th annual girlfriend group celebration ! @USER wood @USER cofield @USER maddox
id1	id2	neutral	None	#ufc @USER yushin okami isnt just anderson silvas opponent saturday night - hes the only ... - URL
id1	id2	negative	None	fuck you , band that covered it on friday night , and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you too . we need you on sunday to knock the purple out of the ravens .
id1	id2	negative	None	give me 5 mins with candy the dancer from deja vu im nutting on my 4th pump she that bad lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	halifa ayan yusuf is 21 years old , she was born in hargeisa in somalia n she is ready for the finals at the mlimani city hall on december 7
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is it true lmfao are there tomorrow ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	may be not sachin , but virat kohli definitely reminds one of ricky ponting . the authority with which he makes his strokes quite similar ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER come over tomorrow ? :) my mom isnt staying there with me she has to stay with the big dogs at the old house until gordon
id1	id2	negative	None	sundays in the sag is like a friday in idaho ... boring as fuck !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oohhh haha . i still like him i dont think that will change xd
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER would love to ! flying out to van on the 14th and working in whistler ! will defo head over to banff tho !! #canada
id1	id2	positive	None	was thinking of harry redknapp for the @USER job for the past few days now . would be an absolute coup ! cmon shebby !
id1	id2	neutral	None	white arrows play the earl on october 9th with family of the year and the new cassettes . dont miss this . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	this nigga @USER just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez ... smh , 21st birthday shit
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lmbo ! o yea ? ayye you know they taking us to harold washington tomorrow for that college stuff
id1	id2	positive	None	sbs : emails will start going out tomorrow . thank you , everyone , for your patience !
id1	id2	positive	None	are you all ready for roger sanchez this friday at hq nightclub !!! hmu at 609-335-3062 for table reservations and details !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	got a pandomonthly ticket to hear a fireside chat w/ reid hoffman thursday in sf . ill report on it or hopefully a buddy can fill in for me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to keller williams at neighborhood theatre in charlotte , nc - dec 28 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	spirit friday ! fill the halls with school colors and enjoy a dress down day ! no pj , yoga pants or flip flops/backless shoes . you are poland !
id1	id2	neutral	None	be sure to attend the gcs career exploration fair on november 15th , from 4-7pm , at the greensboro coliseum special ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	church notes : a live internet chat entitled is more money the answer ? will take place tuesday from 2 to 3 pm o ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see the anderson silva fight saturday woop woop
id1	id2	neutral	None	notre dame womens soccer open their season today with a friendly vs nebraska . live web stream at 12pm eastern URL
id1	id2	negative	None	niggas was really fighting at the gas station sat night tho
id1	id2	neutral	None	yo @USER have you heard of anyone getting their gears3 stats getting reset today ? i sign onto today and now all my stats are reset .
id1	id2	neutral	None	castle 5x06 sneak peek 3 . ( season 5 episode 6 ) URL hahahahaha is it monday yet ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol . yeah i kinda think i do ... i heard you were in milan , italy ne ? how is it ? october is perfect !
id1	id2	negative	None	out castle sun . and staying there until tues . mother said it aint safe up dere in that new york wit sandy all thru dere fvck you , sandy .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER some people go trick-or-treating but not many . we have australia day on jan 26 , the queens bday , boxing day ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER runner on 2nd no outs , drubes being one of our best hitters should make a productive out . his fault not actas
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER they canceled the frankie date that was supposed to be tomorrow . so now everyone is going to the rescheduled show in south bend .
id1	id2	neutral	None	land conservation announcement monday : gov . mitch daniels and lt . gov . becky skillman will make a lan ... URL #nashville
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER cant find the angle i was watching but it looked a bit like rvp v barcelona 1st leg to me .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is going to be another beautiful day ! amazing day to be outside for marching band practice ! 83 , we can and we will do it :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	with the start of nfl preseason upon us .. tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season , and the end of the raiders postseason hopes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	thoughts and prayers with pavol demitras family today , and the entire hockey team who perished in a plane crash today .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER #surface the florida mall , orlando , fl is the closest $msft store to me . ;-) cant wait to be there tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch the 2012 independent spirit awards this saturday and chat live with @USER and @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dexters 6th season is slowly becoming the best season of the series .. which is by the way a peace of art ! #legend #5ari8lel3ada
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER just saw jennifer hudson on 26th street she looks great !! super skinny
id1	id2	neutral	None	battlefield 3 , open lobby , rats clan xbox live server , sunday 9:30 pm gmt . ... bring the rain .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we have a request to play girls gone wild at the party tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER imo with gagner as you develop depth , 89 would slot nice as a 3rd centre .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER these golf balls with pelosis face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	beautiful washington monument in dc as the sun sets : URL what a walking path !
id1	id2	negative	None	so dry , liquidambar is dropping leaves . keeps threatening rain , but then we just get a shower.by contrast scotland to get up to 4 tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	happy halloween from the sun , moon , astronaut and star ( well , so she was wearing a star wars shirt . ) pic.twitter.com/lecbtisi
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER all i can say is that it was very unrealistic . the 1st movie was better-storyline , dialogue ! and of course the grey thumbs up !
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ 411music ] dr. conrad murray to take the stand in michael jackson murder trial : jury selection begins this thursday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER fps russia penis reservations , hes already doing 5 chicks today maybe we can fit you in tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER evgeni malkin and sergei gonchar will make their season debut with metallurg magnitogorsk on thursday . kulemin & sid nxt
id1	id2	neutral	None	charles dickens may just have been me in another life . #thisisme URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you thought the one direction toothpaste was odd , try the rammstein dildo . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	italy : former pm silvio berlusconi was indicted tuesday with new criminal charges - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	taking a break from golden sun 2 ! got done with jupiter lighthouse & getting the wings on the boat ! gonna maple again !!! :p
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning . its definitely time 4 a new phone . alarm clock ringer isnt going off anymore . tryin 2 wait on steve jobs before i make a move
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt if you mentioned green day today .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER theyve been letting gregg williams go to the rams game they might let sean payton go to the game sunday , and loomis and vitt
id1	id2	neutral	None	apparently some dude called shepard fairey has a show on 2night ? drop by blackall studio 1st if you missed the #imaginaryfriends show launch
id1	id2	neutral	None	wanna go to the #queen extravangaza at bell center jan 30th ? sing for queen at 545pm all week to win tix !! #drivetime @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no thanksgiving in australia no halloween no fourth of july just australia day queens bday and christmas
id1	id2	negative	None	axl rose needs to just give up . now . not later , not soon , not tomorrow . now !
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget tomorrows girls night w/tia & tamera 9e/6p , girlfriend confidential : l.a. 10e/p & chelsea lately with kristin chenoweth 11e/8p
id1	id2	neutral	None	il divo - 24 september 2012 il divo have just confirmed two more dates : october 14 in buenos aires and october 28 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	our founder @USER will be speaking at social media week ( #smwldn ) on friday . read about it : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer aniston believes in regular sun exposure ~ check it out !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to the social media week in chicago tomorrow morning . will be bouncing between trib tower , illini center & depaul all day ! #smwchicago
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER everythings good thanks mate ( arsenal aside ) , jobs going really well - hope everythings well your end ? should be at cobham on sat !
id1	id2	neutral	None	heat play the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER 3rd ??! :o where have i been i thought careless world was the 1st one . no ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER nope , its just camden , eating greek food with a pumpkin ... just another wednesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	sarah g . day i love you !!! stay sweet and simple , dude ! cant wait for your show on sunday !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha i just may have to see him at rodeo this year . thankfully its a saturday !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want a windows 7 tablet for my birthday because ... windows 8 beta may land the same month ... maybe .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i feeling kfc after the game tomorrow #mixingitup #tacobellisgettingold
id1	id2	neutral	None	carmelo anthony is going to put on a show tomorrow mark my words #teammelo #knickstape
id1	id2	negative	None	damn i have to wait til tomorrow before i know if i can go to oslo with my sis . damn . im not good at waiting
id1	id2	neutral	None	settled part of bali stuff with the friends . tomorrow some more . totally forgot about my 8am class -_-
id1	id2	neutral	None	the h roundup - google drive backdoor , wayland 1.0 and raspberry pi : in the week ending 27 october - google ... URL #in
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh , i got ham . and i ate reggies ham . and i ate brians ham . tomorrow im getting more bc my dad said hes going to the store !
id1	id2	neutral	None	christianity isnt just a sunday thing
id1	id2	negative	None	just walked past a girl throwing her guts up outside a bus stop ... average monday night in shotton .
id1	id2	neutral	None	norv turner calls a play action pass on 1st & goal at the half-yard line , rivers throws a pick . #chargers
id1	id2	negative	None	stacie just hit me up and said my packages might be up here tomorrow if thats the case im not going to the rave in san fran . #priorities
id1	id2	negative	None	zaheer khan was injured on the 1st test , day 1 of engs tour . steve finn is now injured(thigh injury ) on the day 1 of 1st tour game . hmmm .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER ya for sure its on 28th and ost starts at 1043 but really not till 11 lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	august is hot for albums . watch the throne . red album , and tha carter iv . #toomuch
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks ... put a cheeky $10 on your tip ... dundeel used the other week as a training run ... i wouldnt read much into it .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER please please follow me thank u for come to mexico the 30 september i love u so much : $ #nsn : bbb
id1	id2	positive	None	playstation network maintenance scheduled for october 15 URL thatll be the new store then . exciting !
id1	id2	positive	None	wow !!! omg today for my 21st birthday i woke up and @USER follows me ! i knew this day would come ! thanks jennette ! <3
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully doing a meet and greet friday night with stan walker and elen levon :d bring on the celeb life !!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you think the boro will beat swansea ? im not so sure , december/january is when we implode
id1	id2	neutral	None	katy perry - ni**as in paris ( cover ): woah i didnt think she had it in her ... URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	aglines roundup : nebraskans may notice the nebraska , our best to you logos in more locations across the state ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	true blood tonight ! always the best night of the week .
id1	id2	neutral	None	meet the dragons den at social media week in #vancouver on sept 28 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone heading to h&m on thurs to shop the fashion v aids collection ? sneak peek here : URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	big home game tomorrow evening for the tcu baseball team as they take on texas a&m here at lupton field . come on ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	colts game tonight ! yay !
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks for advising ! r @USER 1st formal chapter of the yr went well . excited to be advising beta chi chp at university of denver
id1	id2	positive	None	i wish it was sarah g . day cause thats my funday my i dont have to runday its just another manic monday
id1	id2	neutral	None	tampa bay buccaneers : game-by-game predictions for 2nd half of the season - bleacher report URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no i want my raspberry pi which i ordered from you in july ... 19 weeks dispatch time is ridiculous !
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st fight on the main card is about to begin .. @USER randall bailey and @USER devon alexander #boxing #brooklynboxing
id1	id2	neutral	None	shut up & hit this party saturday ! - pop recommends : one of our all time heroes , the legendary james murphy ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will be attending @USER with advanced solutions in education . london , jan 30th - feb 2nd 2013 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	saw at last kung fu panda 2 yesterday with my cousins =))
id1	id2	positive	None	i may just pee my pants . i am within inches of rhonda rousey ! gosh , she is pretty ! but not as pretty as my wife .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lady gaga attending the femme fatale - britney spears concert in new jersey tonight URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dr mohamed morsi announced as egypts 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to #egypt
id1	id2	neutral	None	andy rooney will make his last 60 minutes appearance sunday . here are his 10 grumpiest moments | URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday night is chilis night in the turner house lol
id1	id2	positive	None	finally saw the stevie tv promo ! i am so proud of you , @USER ( march 4th , vh1 )
id1	id2	negative	None	alright , if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me , i may be forced to retaliate .
id1	id2	neutral	None	boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	chargers may go 8-8 but that will make playoffs in afc ... nfc teams must win 10 games ! fact ! @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the donkey show opening tomorrow at the adrienne arsht center @USER get your tickets today URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER both previous batman films are on hd tv ( tnt , fx ) tonight at 8 pm edt . so im recording both . may watch to get caught up
id1	id2	neutral	None	interview on monday , a call back tomorrow , and vans is really interested into me ? i dont know why you guys say its so hard to get a job
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER nov 25 at the san siro . i pray we wouldve gotten back our rhythm before then or well get embarrased .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wild rush for their 4th td of the night . the wichita wild have pushed their lead to 59-35 over the allen wranglers ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just finished watching the bounty hunter , gerald butler & jennifer aniston . checking it out for the 2nd time around . funny !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER rich bitch , come to the game on saturday , iguana will be there c :
id1	id2	neutral	None	goodnight everyone !!! talk to you all tomorrow :d i shall leave you with harry styles -a URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	get paid way later today , probably going to go see sky fall on the 9th or man with the iron fists idk which one 2 choose ?
id1	id2	negative	None	the wizards summer league team has their last 3 1st rd picks , including the 6th overall last yr & 3rd this yr . theyre losing to the d league
id1	id2	neutral	None	wales rugby world cup squad will be named at 9:00 pm tonight , melbourne time . well soon find out whether the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thursday margarita day with poker sign in before 7:15 p.m. and a funtastic time !!! yeaha friday jaron bell ( riannon bday party ) reminder ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	stars office hours are in scc room 324 sunday and monday : 1-8pm , tuesday-thursday 1-9pm come talk to us about anything !
id1	id2	positive	None	check out my column in scotland on sunday @USER today on the glorious grouse - cant wait for friday !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ha ha yeah youre right ! well forget pires , mulleady on saturday at kilbeggan is the next sure thing ! lol if she runs of course .
id1	id2	positive	None	looking to start the week with success ! lots of thoughts about tonights mnf match between man city & swansea .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt if you think that john cena is going to win at summerslam this sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i fux wit yo 3rd choice but gifted hands ( the ben carson story ) and alex haleys autobiography of malcolm x my top 2
id1	id2	neutral	None	scrubbin to the max tomorrow cause i gotta work out and leave for a game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	zimmerman to appear in court : a notice to appear was filed thursday in the case against george zimmerman . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER you know what ? vampire diaries starts in germany on monday ! i cant wait !
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ info ] tomorrow exo m will be going to nanjing ( via : sotea123 )
id1	id2	positive	None	kicking off in london tonight ? wait til you see the west ham fans tomorrow after weve beaten them 3-0 ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ bbc-africa ] somalia announce cecafa cup plans : somalia will arrive in uganda on 8 november to give the team tim ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	gonzaga women win cal poly invitational - wed , 31 oct 2012 pst : gonzaga placed four golfers in the top 10 on ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the total number of distressed properties for sale declined for the 4th straight week to 282 in fairfax , loudoun , and arlington
id1	id2	positive	None	il divo - somewhere i am going to see them in dubai friday ,, love , adore them URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	burger & blonde friday today @USER crows nest $2.00 pure blonde with any burger purchase !
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for tomorrow . nervous but excited . colo , taylor and krul all back . hows the mackem slayor feeling ?
id1	id2	positive	None	jets flying low over the house this morning . gives me a tingle of excitement . only a week to go before i take off . but 4now , out in2 cold .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER number , address , cats name and a date this thursday . no fucking about ! just call me tomb raider ...
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday haryana . may you get the best in times to come .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER damn , i just got cougar town cupcakes and was going to bring them tomorrow to share . i * shouldnt * eat all 12 alone ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	was asked today if evertons display against qpr could be regarded as a cushions job - definitely one for the older generation that . #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	playoff weekend starts tomorrow . knicks vs . miami . and you know this !
id1	id2	neutral	None	which camera rep are you most excited to see at demo days on nov 16 & 17 ? ( nikon , canon , tamron , sony , sigma etc ... )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER he toured last year . we saw him in reading . he wont tour till summer probably because he has the voice in january .
id1	id2	positive	None	even though nike is 10x better than adidas im still going to the adidas employee store tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	brian may confirms that sacha baron cohen will play freddie mercury in a film about the late , great queen singer : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER tomorrow is the big day , see you at #bna
id1	id2	neutral	None	clockwinder-who wouldnt say no . launch at the commons on tuesday . the biog of the late david taylor is the untold story of a virtuous mp .
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday night football is on tonight , right ? #nfl #wishfulthinking
id1	id2	neutral	None	repio ceo neil cox is speaking at chicagos social media week tomorrow about social media & the changing face of employment - check it ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	yooo @USER & @USER if niggas in paris comes on more than once on the 26th , might have to plank for whole night ...
id1	id2	positive	None	loved the hair style from fridays jason wu #nyfw show ? were giving you the step-by-step to recreate the look URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes but we have lots of fun planned for sat . james martin will be on top form with saturday kitchen plus a big surprise tba !
id1	id2	positive	None	i just peed myself : anthropologie to open knoxville store URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER true . first is valid ( i have 3 ) . 2nd is misguided . more likely to have it taken & used against you , or used ala trayvon martin
id1	id2	positive	None	quite enjoying @USER on mnf - he looks more at home sat down tho - i dont think he knows what to do with his hands when hes stood up
id1	id2	positive	None	gotta have me a boyfriend by december that way hell be good & mended by time valentines day get here ! lol ! i need all that !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	heavy morning traffic on the brooklyn bridge at 6 am . i just want to say ... i love new york city .
id1	id2	neutral	None	p&g shifts top executives to singapore : singapore : us consumer giant procter and gamble ( p&g ) said friday it wil ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER and who had maidana fought before the khan fight ? hahahaha and he lost to devon alexander in february who is shit also ! #clueless
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember everyone out there : all you members of anonymous , you rebels , you supporters of the gunpowder plot : wear your mask november 5th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	real to sign neymar in december - report - bangkok post : real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i just cried over a dead badger named shreddie on animal planet . another tough friday night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the half , bayer leverkusen 1-0 vs bayern munchen . lets score 2 or more in the 2nd half !! go munich !!
id1	id2	positive	None	a university uniform in appreciating military veterans : he reunited after the game saturday with capt . michael p ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	george zimmerman will face court june 10th for the murder of trayvon martin .
id1	id2	neutral	None	soul train 70s halloween party sat oct 27 URL adv tixx $10 - $15 wt out costume $20 at the door ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to the teams who competed at #nccdc7 , including 1st place u . of washington , 2nd place us air force academy and 3rd place texas a&m !
id1	id2	neutral	None	cosmo , sims 3 , paul rudd and klonopin induced naps all day ill get a job tomorrow or friday buy klonopin online > URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#oilersmobile : july 20 : sam gagner | URL @USER nice to have you there for at least another year !
id1	id2	negative	None	attention directioners ! beliebers are posting this picture ! tomorrow well replay the video all day ! #jealousy ! #hate ! pic.twitter.com/89apz0qe
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i wanted you to know that here in argentina is going to make a directioner fest 10 november te amo te amo te amo !
id1	id2	positive	None	sticks and stones may break my bones , but rugby does it better !
id1	id2	positive	None	going to see young savage saturday w/ my girls . lol ,
id1	id2	positive	None	we love italy ! tonight in marina di pietrasanta with @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	a leonard cohen and jeff buckley album just in time for black friday ? #buymethat
id1	id2	neutral	None	lets go saints saints : saints 7th round pick ot marcel jones from nebraska at the nfl combine URL saints : saints 7t ...
id1	id2	positive	None	as of 2nite it goes down at big bangs .. 15th and arch st. . 10-2am ... crazy drink specials and more ... music by URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so apparently lady gaga went to go see britneys femme fatale tour in atlantic city tonight !
id1	id2	neutral	None	cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels : washington , nov 1 ( ians ) researchers have built the first solar ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	end of an era rt @USER rt @USER andy rooney , 92 , will make his last regular appearance on @USER this sunday cbs just announced
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i know , they are also headed to the bell center on feb 27th , im really debating about going !
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to to a knoxville ice bears hockey game with me november 9 ? #yaknowyawanna
id1	id2	neutral	None	#endofwatch with @USER , six flags in the am , then ufc on fuel tv , waffle house late at night w/ z , church&ultimate on sunday , #heckyeah
id1	id2	positive	None	jersey shore season four tonight :) x
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ schedule ] tiffany , cnblues yonghwa and b2sts kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks fa the love !! im coming to greensboro nc dec . 1-8 make a appointment ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	first murray is out for the dallas cowboys now felix may be questionable for the atlanta game . not looking good for the running backs !
id1	id2	negative	None	i miss my bestfriend , octaveia , my cousin , april .. my bestie , kaliyah , tricey , dasia , mikia , & the other people i miss with at richwood !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER one of the girls from @USER is traveling to the game from germany tomorrow ! help make her trip worthwhile !? :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	eastbound for the #arsenal game tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	just sat in the living room with my boyfriends girlfriend and laurin watching twerk videos haha
id1	id2	positive	None	kpop : will psy be the first korean to win a grammy ? : psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards . gangnam sty ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER perhaps then it may be time soon . its a good idea loaning longo out to espanyol then
id1	id2	neutral	None	glow in the dark t-shirt workshop at grange playcentre on thur 1.11.12 ( tomorrow ) 10- 11.30 am
id1	id2	positive	None	i think @USER should come back to calgary . saw him in september and yeah , hes hot . i love him . <3 #nuffsaid #comeback #love
id1	id2	negative	None	uh oh .. just turned on cardinals game ... 1st thing i see state farm commercial with kerry wood .. not a good sign for #cardinals
id1	id2	neutral	None	australian directioners !!! girlfriend magazine are releasing special edition magazines of all the boys , starting tomorrow . lous up first .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want to go to chapel hill tomorrow for halloween !
id1	id2	positive	None	fabio capello : from what ive seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow . #cantwait
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER oppa , u may b the one who tweets most in kidols but only in hangul . plz tweet in eng !
id1	id2	neutral	None	deal of the hour $2622 & up -- brazil , chile , uruguay & argentina tours w/air : through april URL #deals
id1	id2	negative	None	fan hit flush on the head by harris english wayward drive on 1st . lots of blood #hadtohurt #shoutfore #players
id1	id2	negative	None	i cant believe aaron carter is coming out with his 4th album tha carter iv
id1	id2	positive	None	charlie sheen seems pretty confident/badass for his upcoming roast . he actually seems like he has it together . i may watch .
id1	id2	negative	None	price may have laid out fraundley harrison out pretty bad and easily , but still both klitschko brother wipe the floor with him . #boxing
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER #qsteaser oops , forgot emmanuel adebayor ! as for the 7th , bit naughty , was it yakubu ? his surname is technically ayegbeini ...
id1	id2	negative	None	just watched the rhonda rousey v . meisha tate fight for the 1st time and that was one of the nastiest armbars
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did i read the barons schedule right when it said we play the dallas stars at home on sunday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	marty was in nebraska yesterday giving a talk that included bullying that made the news there . fun times learning ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i would be surprised if tha carter iv was anything greater than shit ... hope im proved wrong but the 1st 3 singles are doo doo
id1	id2	neutral	None	and kris airport runaway x3 @USER tomorrow exo m will go to nanjing .. yeah ! ill see luhans hair .. is it true that his hair now is bl
id1	id2	neutral	None	breakfast , training then of to london to prepare for the game against spurs tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	marijuana march is trending ... idk bout you but the last thing i wanna do when im high is walk #lazy
id1	id2	negative	None	so disappointed with the movie ghost rider : spirit of vengeance . so not better than the 1st ghost rider movie
id1	id2	neutral	None	with the amount of chocolate ive eaten today , ill just call it chocolate day . and i shall have one every yea- mon- week .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER glad you dug ash wed . feeling its time to start writing another gangster flick .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i hope they make sure to take care of eli manning , giants vs pittsburgh on sunday #nfl
id1	id2	positive	None	many rumours floating about that harry redknapp may be interested in the blackburn job ? what do you all think ?
id1	id2	positive	None	my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow . i am from new york . but sorry knicks !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER free agent wr jerricho cotchery , formerly of jets , traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens . visited pitt recently
id1	id2	neutral	None	envy everyone going to the big bang shows tomorrow and saturday . ;_;
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER this tweet was poorly timed . surely theyd be hidden ... rt @USER 12 handy tips for windows 7 that you may not know
id1	id2	neutral	None	annie hasnt finished the high water marks but ash wed is under @USER bayford oyster co #sandy pic.twitter.com/uir5neu6
id1	id2	negative	None	new story : norfolk woman dies in crash : a woman from northeast nebraska died saturday morning when the car she w ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	usa calls last time out with 5:20 left in the half . they have 1st and 10 at red wolves 34 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : flatbush zombies , santos party house october 17th ! #acidalumni ( taken with instagram ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hung out with my housemate more ( shes awesome ! ) , went to crows nest festival , celebrated my dogs 5th birthday ( love you diesel bean ! ) ...
id1	id2	negative	None	shits going down this sat . at neighborhood theatre #drop ! thard
id1	id2	positive	None	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th women in hollywood ce ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER dongwoo is like a big baby , sooo cute :3 i just wanna hug him ... is dongwoo becoming my 3rd infinite bias ? * 0 *
id1	id2	negative	None	whats worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day ? being stuck in a monday loop .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah kj sent an email out yesterday with info and she said shell follow up with another email tomorrow with the details
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER vitalis may have more power on it but he tends to push it . paulies controls fights with that upjab
id1	id2	neutral	None	petey gettin the start tomorrow night against calgary . game is on nbcsports @USER set that dvr and get ur popcorn ready ...
id1	id2	positive	None	wow ! sytycd finale tonight and tomorrow , 19 days until dwts cast announcement , 40 days until dwts , where did the summer go ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : west bromwich albion v reading 22 sep 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	apparently tomorrow is nation kissing day . ladies , youre more than welcome to stop by .
id1	id2	positive	None	wow . just read a transcript of shannon sharpes nfl hall of fame induction speech . i hope espn replays it again tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	karma vs flow !!! join us this sunday on the terrace ... were taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich , richie ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	leo season we still at it !!! jett lounge this sunday !!! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out the brand new video for @USER dinosaurs released aug 29th on mta . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	having a good sunday , sooo happy that college and nfl season is almost here , the weekend sucks without football !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday after next just came on vh1 im boutta be chilling .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like im going to knicks vs . heat this sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ tigernet ] wednesday football practice videos : videos from clemsons fifth practice of the preseason , ... URL #clemson
id1	id2	positive	None	what is true of the individual will be tomorrow true of the whole nation if individuals will but refuse to lose heart and hope . ~ gandhi
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you also employ todd bertuzzi like cmon man
id1	id2	negative	None	morning all ! waking up at 1.30 to gamble may not have been the best idea . knocked my sleep . this hour is fit for milkmen & perverts only
id1	id2	positive	None	my brothers gf is on me to use her netflix acct , because i love my movies . so ill all for giving it a try tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque , could easily be mexico or spain ! off to vegas 2moz should get there monday morning !
id1	id2	negative	None	. dmdk party led by actor vijayakanth may not sustain for a long time under the shrewd politics of jayalalithaa . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i on sunday : ahead of inbetweeners film 10 other sitcoms which went on holiday to big screen + watercooler + hero of the week michael winner
id1	id2	neutral	None	nfl ticket at the eagles club presents the thursday night contest steelers and titans URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	repaired elderly females windows 7 based laptop today ( pro bono ) and in her living room was the largest 1080i cathode ray tube ever , 55 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	28th in super tuesday . was chipleading since the bubble and ak < aj < kk after a on the flop in monster chiplead pot and 77 < a6o > avg pot .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im not watching them because the red sox vs yankees game is on tonight for whos in first .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the disco balls are being polished ... are you ready !?! this thursday night ! join us at the adrienne arsht center ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shotos !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	pics : the kbc episode on sony on november 4 . a treat for all the big b and srk fans . URL @USER #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh ok , my husband love going to the valley , his b-day n jan . sounds good to me
id1	id2	negative	None	i always cry wen i listen to avril singing tomorrow in dublin , i just remember everything bad happened to me :/
id1	id2	neutral	None	we beat allstars gaming 2night and have advanced to the finals in @USER aftermath ! we play next thursday night @USER est .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER follow @USER and meet her on november 26 , outside the bell center at 4:00 ?
id1	id2	positive	None	wichita st is just a team full of corncobs . also , if they play we ready today , place will explode . #shakeandbakejays #bootstoasses
id1	id2	neutral	None	pacino to play paterno in bio film coming out soon . this will mark pacinos 2nd film with the phrase , say hello to my little friend .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday to the late , great jim henson . changed the world of entertainment . may have to stick a muppet film on in tribute later
id1	id2	positive	None	skipping school tomorrow and going to tennessee instead . #soundsgoodtome
id1	id2	neutral	None	knicks vs celtics is just a 3pt shootout new york has 9 and theres 5 mins left in the 2nd
id1	id2	positive	None	we are live ! ufc on fuel tv ! 1st fight of the day :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	are you ready to shop the new collection from h&m tomorrow ?? the grey concept from h&m URL #fashion #shopping #highstreet
id1	id2	positive	None	tonights friday family movie night is journey 2 , the mysterious island ! looks promising !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER this sunday ... revenge , and a game winning td for kyle williams . we have already destroyed the last 2 teams and well keep rollin
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to client @USER for his tv debut on big brothers bit on the side last night , analysing social media mentions of housemates
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER bro get that fafsa done tomorrow , last day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	play with sketsa @USER jazz , 2 march , 8 pm , lobby stage
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do you like @USER presale is tomorrow for jan 31st show at dar constitution hall .
id1	id2	neutral	None	leaving now for the long drive to detroit , had about 3 hours of sleep after chicago last night , but wide awake ! see some of you tonight !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	praying for 1st and 2nd wave of leaders going to the x factor leadership retreat tomorrow ! counting down till i join u all friday #impact
id1	id2	negative	None	if tony romo doesnt score 50 fantasy points for me tonight , im screwed . wait , youre saying thats not going to happen ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER also i wasnt aware that the buffalo had escaped from its paddock and made its way to tayside . ill try to round it up on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER russell u beat me 2 it lol i was gonna tweet about the classical brit awards being on this sunday xxx
id1	id2	positive	None	up all night live is on september 28th on nick to all you aussie directioners :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER only sofia andres will go here on sunday at sm bacolod . . 5pm . . are you going ? ;) -t
id1	id2	neutral	None	have a feeling shotton will play rb tomorrow , just for the long throw .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yes they seem to be in quite a mess at bcfc hope you beat spurs tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	i rate lee dickson but danny care has to be on the bench sat for the 2nd test 60 mins with tired legs he will be dangerous #rugby #saeng
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the heat game may cost alot more ... and plus i would rather see austin rivers play
id1	id2	neutral	None	who wants to take me to the fairgrounds or williamsports fireworks tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	sa urged to save electricity - eskom urged south africans on thursday to save electricity to reduce demand on the gr ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER reviews hit tomorrow , will be writing up my initial impressions then . my general tip for big android tabs : no , just no
id1	id2	neutral	None	damn rivergate skate center used 2 b the spot to b on friday the 13th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i grew up in alsip , oak lawn is like my 2nd home . reason for the city is wifes job at ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	red delays new price anouncement till tomorrow 6pm . sounds like they want to dig for sony prices some more .
id1	id2	positive	None	rocking out to good girl by @USER at the gym . how exactly does one rock out while on a treadmill , you may ask ? well , it involves
id1	id2	positive	None	colts game was fun tonight . love spending time with my fam .
id1	id2	positive	None	good win in the end for our 2nd team . amoo , wright and procter best players #pnefc
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yeah i saw them open for taylor swift in march . they were awesome ! is cher just like a fucking bitch on stage ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	time for thursday night football as the tampa bay buccaneers take on the minnesota vikings . #nfl
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER espn mlb cameron maybin starting to see the sun URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hitting fair lakes chipoltle , franklin farm , fairfax corner , and the one down 50 tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is a good day to listen to lamb of god . hahahaha .
id1	id2	positive	None	its midnight on the east coast which means its @USER birthday ! happy 20th birthday nick j !!! <333
id1	id2	negative	None	:( dk why but the 3rd hospital file not working for me . gotta try download from hf instead
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if they are still looking for a center , they may want to inquire about sam gagner . edmonton needs d .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we will be closed this monday , february 20th for presidents day . if you need access to your account over the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to cowboy junkies at barbican centre in london , united kingdom - jan 25 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	his true penelope was flaubert , he fished by obstinate isles ; observed the elegance of circes hair rather than the mottoes on sun-dials
id1	id2	negative	None	prince william met the rottweiler camilla parker bowles and she came out ... : harry may be full of mischief , a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pre-practice odds and ends : the raiders return to practice today after an off day sunday . the provisions set for ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	supposedly the black forest is getting some snow this weekend ! did we only imagine the 27 celsius last sunday ?... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i would put gillard 2nd best behind hawke , rudd 3rd , keating 4th , then all the rest , then howard last #showdown
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday mom ! the sun is shining bright today :) . i miss you always . love , daniela rella lol xo URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER glam girls want to invited everyone to enjoy halloween with them tomorrow at the grenader on riverview and rosedale from 5-8pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER plan a couple of days here on gabriola for our theatre festival in august . theme mardis gras . over the top in events !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#inappropriatefuneralsongs thriller by michael jackson . while the dancing may be great having to kill your zombie grandma wont be as great
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oct 17 it will be mostly dead but mostly dead is still a little bit alive !! ( billy crystal the princess bride )
id1	id2	negative	None	may nabasa aq ! i dunno if im going to believe it or not :/ ang sabe dito nasa hell daw si pope john paul ii >:| ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	ddb los angeles announced today the launch of its new campaign for deus ex : human revolution , the highly anticipated third installmen ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody wanna go see hotel trannsylvania , frankenweenie , pitch perfect , and that movie with viola davis as a teacher with me tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the video of porto oportonity city won the 1st prize in category cultural tourism in art&tur international tourism film festival ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey channing tony provias from aberdeen hope you get a sack on murray this sat !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	gunna be a 6hour journey to ncs trip next monday :( loool idc im gunna bring nuff chicken to eat on the coach !
id1	id2	positive	None	i really want @USER to tweet me since i bought 4 tickets to his concert october 9th irving plaza nyc
id1	id2	neutral	None	maniaci on casimir pulaski day ( march 1 , 2004 ): some people call it a holiday . judge : i call it a holiday . #drewpeterson
id1	id2	positive	None	possible blue jays managers : manny acta , sandy alomar jr , sal fasano , don wakamatsu , pat hentgen ? #mlb
id1	id2	negative	None	it seems today that all you see is violence n movies & sex on tv - family guy
id1	id2	negative	None	on the news , regarding the marijuana march in #toronto today : if you dont hear em coming , youll smell them . nice ... not .
id1	id2	neutral	None	drew peterson may be convicted , but there is still conflict going on URL #whenwillitend #localnews #chicago
id1	id2	neutral	None	so nta covered live the return of the 1st lady .
id1	id2	neutral	None	currently scheming with @USER . tech vs . clemson in blacksburg october 1st ? i think yes . #oolegooo ! be prepared @USER it may happen
id1	id2	neutral	None	new york knicks vs . brooklyn nets season opener rescheduled for november 26 : the game between the new york knick ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yolo ? ofcourse , but with in that life span yu may be an become 5 diff ppl , the life we live in aint the only life we gone have , be smart
id1	id2	positive	None	[$] black friday best price underwater case for the following olympus evolt digital slr ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER catch me on sarah g live this sunday !! hehe ingat guys ! goodnight ! love you !! : ***
id1	id2	positive	None	shouts out to my bro @USER !! go follow my dude and turn up with him every thursday and sunday night in club bodi ! #salute
id1	id2	neutral	None	ill make my bid for the adidas predator tomorrow godwilling ...
id1	id2	positive	None	ok i need something to try cheer me up after the the loss last night ! tickets for the brittany and nicki minaj 2mo night - i need2get looking
id1	id2	neutral	None	here until 2pm today ! then romo is off to skate with the saint lunachix vs st. chux derby chix at queeny park tonight !
id1	id2	negative	None	wow drew peterson was just convicted on september 6th for murder of his 3rd wide and they never found the body of his 4th wide smfh
id1	id2	positive	None	i love texas a&m , but any team that drafts tannehill before the 7th round has lost their minds .
id1	id2	positive	None	in honor of national margarita day come and enjoy $3 margaritas , and the usual wednesday specials $1 drafts and free food buffett !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	for all you cyclists and film fans , today is the start of the bicyclefilmfestival @USER at the barbican centre until sunday !
id1	id2	positive	None	shaquille oneal all-star comedy jam @USER constitution hall sat . 8pm nov 3 , 2012 washington dc .. looks like it will be a great show !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch latoya tonight on dr drew 8:00 pm central time ! what she thinks should happen to conrad murray !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	every time i wear this hoodie ... i think of the hoodie march ... and trayvon martin ... and the ppl i knew personally who died
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER best friend just arrived in nyc from australia . damn it , means i cant watch the two-hour opener of terra nova tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my 3rd autograph ! my lil sis was the one who came up to toni gonzaga ! left photo , credits to : allenvalladares pic.twitter.com/ism2whzk
id1	id2	neutral	None	in his session at the 11th international cloud expo , brian clark , vice president , field services , at objectivity ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just finished watching nandito ako for the 2nd time around @USER we wait for david archuleta
id1	id2	neutral	None	would it be acceptable for me to write my free entry friday in ms. hughes class tomorrow on candy
id1	id2	positive	None	yes glass of red , rammstein and day off tomorrow ( thank you @USER just what i needed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nfl news : new york giants : game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season URL #football #nfl #nfceast
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you back at volstead this saturday ? or still out of town killin it ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ... is @USER going as that upwards kid that he played so well on sunday night ??!! ... with his prop/friend , adidas ?
id1	id2	positive	None	interview w arnie on dinner in mexico with wilt chamberlain and andre the giant-mighty collection of fools , but admit youd love to the 4th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	met this girl on valentine day , fucked her in may , she found out about april so she choose to march
id1	id2	neutral	None	hmm .. sby deh . rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august
id1	id2	neutral	None	someone should come with me november 9th to see romeo santos meet&greet at fye at 6 pm at downtown (:
id1	id2	neutral	None	finna hit the grammys tomorrow then ima finna go thug it with @USER live in my stomping grounds in the ie ! #grittygrindn
id1	id2	neutral	None	slap shot : nash , back from injury , skates for davos : rick nash of the new york rangers returned to action in switzerland on tuesday .
id1	id2	negative	None	mens latest bedroom worry : 50 shades : e l james fifty shades of grey may be supercharging the sex-drives o ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	does girls gone wild still make commercials ? if , god forbid , this one goes to extras , we may find out .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is t it fake ? the grammys nominations come out in december !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER gutted . takin mrs 2 her 1st eng game then . she loves the dive fella . cocky git ! wish u well 4rest of internationals .
id1	id2	neutral	None	recent conditions have allowed 226 euclid to hold open tryouts for the iditarod . registration is tomorrow at noon .
id1	id2	positive	None	love that james bond montage at the end of super sunday by sky
id1	id2	positive	None	semi-finals , then championship game tomorrow if we make it that far , we will
id1	id2	positive	None	10th grade i said nipsey hussle the best rapper out . everybody was like hell naw then when the marathon came out everybody was on his nuts
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ahah hes a year older then me , the cool thin is that hes born on australia day and im born on the 4th of july i think
id1	id2	positive	None	intermission fc took a big step towards the title with a hard fought 1-0 win over fellow table toppers the real ajax on monday night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	making an effort to use my ps vita a bit more . only use it for fifa at the moment ! gonna give a few demos a try . 1st silent hill bom :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	i saw kayvan novak tonight aka phonejacker aka the guy from the film four lions . 1st thing i said to him was rubber dingy rapids brudda
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is national bratwurst day . also another recall election day in wisconsin . get out the brat ! i mean vote ! #wi #holiday #vote
id1	id2	positive	None	november : my birthday month , election day , a weekend in san fran with @USER naples for thanksgiving , lots of friends & family . yes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive got a blog post coming up tomorrow . topic ? its time to learn once and for all what curtis painters got . start the man . #colts
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think i will take kermit with me tomorrow & make them talk directly to him during the meeting . ( im bringing creepy back )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER how much is retro city rampage ? on the playstation network , i need to know since im purchasing a psn card tomorrow and need to know
id1	id2	negative	None	check this video out -- obama , sarkozy , cameron , how many children did you kill this night ? URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	leo or virgo ?! club pulse is the move this thursday ! leos & virgos are free before 12 ! also co-hosted by #evalesco ! evalesco will be there !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah but we have memorial day , 4th of july , cinco de mayo , thanksgiving , presidents day , mlk day , and do they do labor day ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow : crazy cavalier day wednesday : dr. ds bowtie day thursday : america day friday : spirit day
id1	id2	positive	None	new listing coming in laguna hills , ca ! 5 bed plus bonus room , pool , 3 car garage ... to hit the market officially tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	love this . early sunday morning window shopping while waitibg for the bank to open . lost my e @USER park URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no trick or treat there then . james , may i very cheekily ask if you might record channel 4 , 11.10 pm for me tonight ?
id1	id2	negative	None	awww shit i still got some new amsterdam in the fridge . mmhmm tomorrow after work ima need that before i go out
id1	id2	negative	None	are you waiting for nokia n9 getting released in us ... well , that may not happen . :( URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we all went to see rise of the planet of the apes last night ... i actually enjoyed it a lot ! that chimp caesar was a great actor . seriously .
id1	id2	negative	None	our 1st sec contact about nyse delay ( 7/2010 ) was none other than mark donohue . same guy who botched early madoff inquiry .
id1	id2	positive	None	he is my fren :) rt @USER @USER @USER bwahhha . congrats lim . ur prayer has been answered .
id1	id2	neutral	None	make sure to come to the bob jones game friday ! free hot dogs , hamburgers & food outside the gate ! & watch bob jones take on austin high !
id1	id2	positive	None	mark martin : hello you ! good weekend so far ? the hot 20 is on but can one direction hold onto saturday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	heading to the @USER show tomorrow morning with mommy . lets hope we get front row #tvtime
id1	id2	negative	None	whats are the odds timmonsvilles town council has a meeting today ? havent met since tuesday , so they are overdue . #tville
id1	id2	neutral	None	gold and diamond are never at the periphery , we really need to dig deeper into christianity ... phil . 3:10 -18 , rom . 12:1 -3 ... happy sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hahahhahaha lol , its probably cuz im sat here in a green day hoodie ... xx :)
id1	id2	positive	None	demi lovato will perform at the 2013 houston rodeo on march 3rd !! get your tickets ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	mark martin by far the most unluckiest nascar driver of all time , 2nd 5 times in points & the heartbreaking 07 daytona 500 .
id1	id2	positive	None	my dad just told me he really wants to go see final destination 5 on friday . wow .. #wasntexpectingthat
id1	id2	neutral	None	#forbes cupertino , ca - october 04 : apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new iphone 4s at the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	george clooney may cast artist star jean dujardin in his next film the monuments men . us army team chases down art stolen by the nazis
id1	id2	positive	None	i love you too riri ! cant wait for friday ! <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	get ready for our wednesday drink specials wednesday - 3-8pm have it your way margarita day ( bar brand only ) ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	this thursday night football game sucks . but go chiefs ! i just want to see hot head rivers explode on the sideline tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	just unloaded jimando at flemington , fighting fit and ready for the derby tomorrow ! #bringiton
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait for your tour so exited !!! il see u on monday i hope :/ remember me camilla parker bowles lol love you so much ! xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	estou ouvindo brown eyes live @USER show with jonathan ross - lady gaga URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	denzel washington & brian geraghty gear up for one heck of a ride in this exclusive clip from flight ! see it tomorrow . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	who else is excited to see the boys on startalk tomorrow ???
id1	id2	positive	None	hello from dublin ! tomorrow were playing at the button factory . onstage at 9 , but if you come for @USER at 8 , you wont regret it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 2012 wine & roses fundraiser is tonight saturday , oct 27th ! the pinery at black forest will be the setting of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	glad im going to greenville tomorrow night tho
id1	id2	positive	None	valentines day by linkin park may not be the newest song but its one of the best
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday and a lovely #raggedtalk on skiing in scotland by the freewheelin patrick d whelan . 12:45 outoftheblue&drillhall #skiing #newnickname
id1	id2	positive	None	paparazzi is a filipino showbiz oriented talk show that airs every sunday on tv5 . get the juiciest and freshest ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	durham woman hopes to qualify for the iditarod | URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	at bolton 6th form college ... a level celebrations for tonight include watching a dvd and staying in with the dog + a bottle of vodka #wild
id1	id2	neutral	None	join richard , estella , sophia , tj , and erwin this friday at the ccp ! tickets : p600/p800 ( vip ) . contact 09109839513 now ! pic.twitter.com/cbmt19gc
id1	id2	neutral	None	the boys have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor pic.twitter.com/0kpcnnxe
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER weve got leonardo da vinci : painter at the court of milan coming up in november , how does that sound ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	n . w : unofficially yours for the 5th time :))
id1	id2	negative	None	homegrown talent missing on signing day : throughout most of the day on wednesday , the video scoreboard ... URL #raleigh
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the 2nd punisher . wish theyd make another one with quentin tarentino directing and thomas jane as castle
id1	id2	neutral	None	my 1st pd tchr a newbie , let me see if i can skip the iss room & go straight to class
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning becky . hope alls well , may you all have a good day
id1	id2	negative	None	i do not want a repeat of strawberry festival bus ride home from buckwheat this friday . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	those in social justice : is the paper still due tomorrow ? @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER - chaps , im still working on the pix from saturday v blaydon . should be uploaded later tonight- phil
id1	id2	positive	None	the mta will be at mondawmin metro station from 3-5pm today to celebrate the baltimore grand prix . well have a race car for you to see !
id1	id2	positive	None	preseason ! basketball ! #kubball mt @USER cole aldrich will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	glad its friday , but i wanna go to the ncs game ... no fun when there isnt anything to do ..
id1	id2	positive	None	australian directioners ! igo one direction ( icarly ) is premiering on nickelodeon the 24th of july at 4:30 pm . (: how exciting ! x
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow night roger sanchez at cielo get on the guest list here ; URL vip rsvp ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#mcilroy had a strong start in thursdays opening round of the honda classic , but the no 2 was upstaged by us ryder cup captain #love iii .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER sat here with roger johnson trying to name other rogers under the age of 40 . roger black ? how olds he ?? roger rabbit ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	looks like andy the android may have had a little too much fun yesterday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	decent woot deals on hd tvs here till the 18th URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	congratulations to the jurupa valley jaguar water polo team . placed 2nd in league and have a chance to go and do something in cif .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER so they shouldve ran the ball on 3rd & 7 ? blame cam all u want but flacco is the problem . elite qbs dont have games like that
id1	id2	positive	None	big l may be my favorite artist right now . even tho he gon . rip
id1	id2	positive	None	bj penn vs . nick diaz replay on fueltv ! id pay to watch it a 2nd time !
id1	id2	neutral	None	majority of customers in the following areas should be restored by sunday night : burton , chardon , conneaut , eastlake , mayfield hts , mentor
id1	id2	positive	None	i wish the best of luck to the boro football players and hope they kick butt saturday for shaun #winitforshaun
id1	id2	negative	None	im going to the duke game on saturday . haha . duke . whata joke they are .
id1	id2	negative	None	megavideo is being such a little bitch tonight . i dont understand it . ugh . i just want to watch the last episode of merlin , kay
id1	id2	negative	None	all the people seeing noel fielding tomorrow , i am extremely jealous of you .
id1	id2	negative	None	pray no one gets hurt or killed in london tonight guys . this looks like its gonna go on for hours .
id1	id2	negative	None	how is it the dirt poor kids in 3rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the valley cant ?
id1	id2	negative	None	fyi . wednesday is going to suck on caltrain , if you even plan on going to work that is . parade .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if you happen to come online , know that your mccurdians trended jennette on ellen for mccurdian monday :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian . -jla
id1	id2	negative	None	our left side is the weakness , 1st game for young after injury and evra .. well evra is evra .
id1	id2	neutral	None	microsoft & nokia holding a get together on august 17 , 2011 : august 17 could be the day we see an official annou ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	finally home from florida , annoying that we lost but on 2 the next 1 as jay-z says : ) . looking forward 2 relaxing tonight and tomorrow xx
id1	id2	negative	None	peyton manning ... nooo !!! if curtis painter is starting on sunday , i am going to lose my shit .
id1	id2	positive	None	one more day of work before rugby filled weekend . hurry up saturday ! #esherrugby #refereeing #excited
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER riris new album is dropping november 19th . freaking machine ... literally a year and a day since talk that talk ..
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the day well beat justin biebers vevo record and earn our title back ! :) :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER just booking my tickets for thursday night but i am spoilt for choice , enough seats left to get in with milan !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dude you definitely need to get a part in true blood . we had pole dancers again this year at the uk convention party tonight
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER its not fair , dear ... #truthbetold will be available in taiwan on 2 , nov . its tomorrow !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER listen here hot stuff , the only thing to look forward to in january is the ravens run to the superbowl .
id1	id2	positive	None	the donkey show - friday the 13th is an exciting day for the adrienne arsht center of the performing arts in ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER key largo , fl !!! yay just ur neighbor lisa a sip n a hop away :) always watching #rhom thurs !!
id1	id2	positive	None	really enjoying the #emmys tonight while doing some homework . hi-lites so far : melissa mccarthy , steve levitans wife , & jane lynch rocks !
id1	id2	negative	None	im at a sweet 17th party now , n saw someone that looks like song joongki . omo ! too bad , hes younger than me , ahahah .
id1	id2	neutral	None	track meet tomorrow south florence , timmonsville , and the worlds finnest west florence #tracknation
id1	id2	positive	None	if you cant beat em , recruit em ( #yhoo , aol , goog , twx , aapl : inc . ( nasdaq : yhoo ) may have the biggest weapo ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	typical sat with the team @USER national guard armory for meek mill , machine gun kelly , vado and funkmaster flex ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	at least im going to eastern tomorrow . livonia can scratch my balls .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ill be in cypress tonight and tomorrow night ! i better see you !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday everyone . except you , gandhi . because youre dead . hahahahahahaha
id1	id2	negative	None	man , im sorry for the death of mr. mitch lucker . may he rest in peace .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#ncst extend their biggest lead of the game with a lorenzo brown trey . up 11 pt , 47-36 , mid 2nd half !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER hi sis , miss you ! avoiding spoiler about last episodes , i want to keep the suspense cuz im already watching it .
id1	id2	positive	None	the wichita wild still have a shot to make the play offs ? looking forward to saturdays game ! bet some ww players get nfl contracts .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know its a long shot but can anyone help with a ticket to the north london derby on nov 17 ? id be forever grateful
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wish ron jaworski was still in the monday night football booth . i enjoy tirico and gruden , i just think that jaws offered a lot too .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dstv dumps vh1 from 13 november and replaces it with the vh1 classic channel . something tells me ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	our @USER 15 celebration continues with this long interview with jim white , who plays sat . at cats cradle for yr15 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	willie horton : made in detroit : i just remember my dad saying , were going to sign a contract today , and your ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER are you going to watch the nuggets tomorrow ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	a train from naples to milan made an unscheduled 40-minute stop at parma on tuesday - to drop off the roma squad ahead of tonights game .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER follow @USER and meet her on november 26 . she deserves to meet you , crew & justin . shell be at the bell center at 4 !.
id1	id2	neutral	None	enough muslim countries lobbying in the us for today , im watching twilight saga : eclipse to better understand girls )))
id1	id2	neutral	None	espanyol face a tricky trip to real betis on saturday evening as they go in search of their 1st win of the new campaign URL
id1	id2	positive	None	heat vs knicks is gonna be the most exciting 1st round series
id1	id2	neutral	None	on thursday , as britney spears , jennifer hudson , halle berry and others paid tribute to the singer at the nokia theatre in los angeles .
id1	id2	positive	None	the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet . theres no chance of looters visiting there . #gooners #goonerpower
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks rachel for the love on big brother last night ! glad to entertain you on @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	jayalalithaa sets rules for party posters : cracking the whip , chief minister j jayalalithaa on saturday is ... URL #news
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend and in all metropcs stores and our website on monday the 22nd . jg
id1	id2	positive	None	interesting to see cliff avril start . told me wednesday he wasnt sure if he was ready to go . obviously , he is .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER do you know what time you come on tomorrow night at santos party house ? cant wait to see/hear you !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning ! my timeline works again ! i couldnt read your tweets in it , luckily i was checking milans twitter when he started to write =)
id1	id2	positive	None	sophia grace and rosie : we know one of your songs !! the sun comes down na na na na @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the greensboro comedy zone working on material i might use tomorrow during the 2nd round of the ultimate comic competition
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER golf is the camilla parker bowles in our relationship . and yes , two !! u heard im going freelance ? 1st order of business !
id1	id2	positive	None	our 1st xi went through against liverpool 4th xi with a 2-1 victory aet thanks to an extra time winner from man of the match @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will you be in myanmar on saturday ? i work with tom at spark pr in bkk . we have an event on saturday in yangon with visa
id1	id2	positive	None	emmes 10th birthday cake :) with big time rush ! URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	and then on tuesday & wednesday its champions league match day 4 i think ?? or it might be 5 .. im not sure wooo hooo
id1	id2	neutral	None	i shall now spend the rest of the night on netflix . #addiction
id1	id2	neutral	None	good morning ! today voters go to the polls in wisconsins two final recalls | reuters : URL #p2 #tcot #wirecall
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER even sxsw last yr he was there the 1st 2 days and went to dallas the day stump was there
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i really do hope they finish the trade by tuesday or wednesday . gagner is a real solid player and could help the sabres
id1	id2	neutral	None	my roommate going to eastern tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	watching kung fu panda 2 with the tribe & the nieces ... a mellow evening
id1	id2	positive	None	republic day in turkey 29 oct fire work awesome URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i know one thing i can do tomorrow .. write a blog post about my newly discovered love for vampire diaries !
id1	id2	positive	None	rest in peace star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie , may the force be with you my friend
id1	id2	neutral	None	boarded up and evacuated : ritz carlton at the battery URL her with @USER for her 21st bday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER today is our chinese july 7th valentines day i hope you will soon find you that she wishes you to be happy happy valentines day
id1	id2	positive	None	you guys need a proven goal scorer asap & he fits the bill !! r @USER can roman abramovich please get us falcao in jan !!! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	comedy central is on point tonight haha
id1	id2	positive	None	right then .. diet starts monday , probably not the wisest choice with christmas coming up .. but im gonna smash it !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	fifa is weird sometimes : you may remember the fifa 12 video where andy carroll starting trying to hump iker casi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh man i thought the deadline for act was tomorrow i have until the 9th bless
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER not with unlv , but my first game for team nevada is november 9th , as long as california doesnt cancel .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you staying up for mondays game . dont fancy our chances with krul , colo and tiote missing
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER brs amazing food , music & culture scene may be encased in strip malls like a baby embedded in a king cake , but its there .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER akin and murdoch are scum , but rape jokes arent much better brah . they may just be just a ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	imagine danica and danielle meeting @USER on friday and the feeling you get to say that you helped out . #amazing #jbmeetdanica
id1	id2	positive	None	the nicest teacher in the world ( mr. rocha ) gave us an extra day for our hw and i still didnt do it !! guess whos waking up early tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#ufo & #aliens black triangle sighting in pompano beach , florida on october 28th 2012 - basically it blended wit ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	so aston villa have a must win game against norwich city tomorrow lunchtime . must win - how the mighty have fallen .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my graduation tomorrow is at constitution hall . if u wana go just hit me
id1	id2	neutral	None	loool @USER plix leave ebuka alone , my own birthday is may 14 , and before then is christmas , valentines day
id1	id2	negative	None	nooo they delayed the knicks and nets game until monday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER gutis catch at the wall in may against the yankees at safeco and trayvons catch are the leaders in the clubhouse .
id1	id2	positive	None	pj harvey has to win , nobody deserves it more , the new album was amazing ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching the kids movie journey 2 mysterious island for the 4th time in 24 hrs . i can now recite dialogs from this movie in my sleep !
id1	id2	positive	None	wont back down with viola davis or house at the end of the street with jennifer lawrence ? movie to see at the cinema tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER photo : mr. jackson rathbone ( aka jasper from twilight ) was looking mighty fine tonight URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER all rwers with vans should call local romney campaign and offer to help transport gop voters to the polls now until tuesday ! #tcot
id1	id2	neutral	None	the daily zap - all the action from wednesdays six pack can be found right here in the daily zap . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to zimmerman on saturday ?
id1	id2	negative	None	why has no one put a youtube video of todd bertuzzi assaulting steve moore on an ipad while hes in the penalty box ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning gavin ! welcome to my country . have a good time in gampel . sorry cant make it tonight but will see you monday :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER lmao i sat here for five minutes like what the fuck did i do to courtney ??? ha damn ... -__-
id1	id2	negative	None	austin rivers is overrated i dont see how he came out in 1st round
id1	id2	positive	None	hoping rob elliot gets his chance too , as much as i love harper , he was clearly off pace on monday , krul would have seen us win 2-0 #nufc #uel
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER smh ... preseason injuries .. thee . worst . you know jr smith is in a boot ? he was fine on monday . what the hell did he do to get that ?
id1	id2	positive	None	watching freaky friday again with danica . #hernewfavoritemovie think 5 is too young to explain how good lindsey lohan had it before drugs ?
id1	id2	positive	None	the knicks got the heat at msg tomorrow ! gonna be tough but we got this !! #knickstape #gonewyork
id1	id2	positive	None	man utd v arsenal on sat sees the best defence ( afc ) in the league ( conceded 0.67 p/game ) against the best attack ( utd ) ( scored 2.67 p/game )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dam . cant wait to get back . i come home tomorrow night , but leave the next day for elon university in nc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER have a great game agaist tampa bay tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	1 more day of work tomorrow then its bolton , first away of the season mcmcfmcfcok
id1	id2	positive	None	went to the shepard fairey exhibition yesterday at stolen gallery just off brick lane . fantastic art - on till nov 4th so still time to go !!
id1	id2	positive	None	join us in shops at 9am tomorrow to hear tom segal , #pricewise of the racing post preview every race at glorious #goodwood . #horseracing
id1	id2	neutral	None	if exo-m is going to nanjing tomorrow ... black-haired lu han ? owo
id1	id2	neutral	None	t-g news : normandy post office saved : the u.s. postal service announced a plan wednesday that will keep the norm ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	world music festival is in full swing ! see you tomorrow evening in millennium park with the maria de barros at 6pm ! #chicago #wmfchicago
id1	id2	neutral	None	former cruz azul player in the legendary 70s team and mexican international nacho flores gunned down last night outside mexico city .
id1	id2	positive	None	campbell must feel like hes won the lottery tonight . sat in sjp , on a european night , with krul , coloccini , cabaye , ben arfa , ba and shola .
id1	id2	positive	None	new favorite below the cherry moon ( from coming album , brighter , out march 5th 2012 ) by whomadewho URL on #soundcloud
id1	id2	positive	None	dallas !!! are you ready to come have a great night with us ?! we cant wait to blow the roof off with you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	come to the eagles club tonight for monday night football .
id1	id2	neutral	None	espn stats from sco v ireland yesterday . havent watched the game yet but the stats tell one story URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just did spartacus 2.0 and sauna ... imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER me too , i would love to know what you think of my new story . i hope im not distrupting you from your pizza ! 
id1	id2	neutral	None	nine pin bird rock race ( 2nd race in the duke of marlborough hotel series ) postponed 24 hours to sunday 4 november , still 10 am start .
id1	id2	positive	None	rehearsal wedding for my cuz @USER going on at pro bowl ... big day is tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you going to be at the nov 15 showing of tic at vans ? robbie is hyping the night to the locals . free session will be bananas .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its friday and the soul train is firmly parked in pri for the soul show on the radio , cmon perth get your requests in for the next hour :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	last hectic day in office b4 3 weeks in asia . 1st to ifeat in singapore . then taiwan , hk , china . then 3 wks of jet lag ! gets to me every time !
id1	id2	positive	None	mitch daniels gave stephen colbert a purdue hat on thursdays show ... i hope he burns it in a raging flame of glory
id1	id2	neutral	None	mark cosgrove has just completed his 12th shield ton , which is his 6th at adelaide oval . sa v tas 222/1 . the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to roger sanchez at dot club in santiago , chile - oct 31 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dongwoo had a stash of bubblewrap in his bedroom & stopped gyu from throwing it out coz he wasnt done popping it yet ? lmao ! new 2nd bias !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 2nd half in @USER match with pires : he takes me out from behind , only yellow card of game . 10 scar still proud on calf
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER enter our competition to win a london childrens map puzzle just follow and rt . closes friday 8t @USER URL .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2 . hurrraaah ! its a back to school special whos featuring ! the wait is too much ! ooosh
id1	id2	neutral	None	#movienight tomorrow at the student union @USER the movie will be safe house ! #teamuapb
id1	id2	positive	None	interresting to read , except if you work for rim or microsoft ( but it may change soon ) : the mobile industry in numbers URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#umes followers dont forget , #umesvolleyball takes on morgan state today at 3 ! be there or be really bored cuz its a sunday . your choice
id1	id2	neutral	None	so its the grunge night at blue room blackpool tomorrow night ! pearl jam , alice in chains and nirvana cover bands ! 9pm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i will ! i just wont be at star tomorrow night ( friday ) . but half our staff and dj will be working at bang too lol .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER enter our competition to win a london childrens map puzzle just follow and rt . closes friday 8t @USER pic.twitter.com/yiiug1re
id1	id2	positive	None	ty for making me a woman !!! @USER said at constitution hall saturday dont ever ever ever ever let someone make u feel like shit
id1	id2	neutral	None	iebc is prepared to hold the elections on 4th of march 2013- chairman
id1	id2	neutral	None	be sure to follow the #coyotes affiliate in the american hockey league - @USER they start training camp on saturday .
id1	id2	negative	None	seriously all of you people are dumb saying that all of the schools in cny are going to be closed tomorrow ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER cheers but no luck needed with d 2nd one , i got a supply of rohypnol #ladieshereicome
id1	id2	positive	None	alan rickman reading return of the native- perfect sunday listening #bliss
id1	id2	neutral	None	apple shakeup mobile software boss eased out : apple inc . ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful head of the company& #039 ;s mo ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	per nc state : lorenzo brown will have exploratory surgery on his right knee tuesday to pinpoint the source of the discomfort in his knee .
id1	id2	positive	None	<--- new icon . i may just be changing icons a lot as long as jennette uploads pics cause she is just too beautiful
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER okay but you need to go to berkmar so we can see each other everyday and it could be like 7th grade .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER doesnt this make you love them even more rt @USER surprise green day show thursday august 11th , URL
id1	id2	positive	None	michael jackson radio may be one of the softest stations . but got damn has some good jams .
id1	id2	negative	None	droid bionic pops up on motorola site , looks set for september 8 release : between the leaked ads , blurry photos ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah i got a yankees hat geez ! yeah he got the old lettuce wrists ! good night in austin last night then ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER : pit road speed limits are the major cause of fuel mileage racing . the kings 7th daytona 500 win is the only mileage race prior
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER hope you have a great game ! suffering withdrawl without your tv show this week .! dawgs must play hard .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	be looking for us this friday @USER university for campus fest ! learn more about the loft and check out how you can win the new kindle fire
id1	id2	positive	None	the eight day of the week : sarah g . day !! where you can party party , laugh , dance and go crazy ! #sarahglive on sunday guys :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	brief-kinder morgan shares off 3 percent after the bell : new york , oct 11 ( reuters ) - kinder morgan inc : * sha ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah best way ! yeah i had my first one on 6th , 2 days after my birthday . its really good ! love it ! went on a1 yesterday xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER awww shelley i was at universal tuesday . just at florida mall , flying home tonight x
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER congratulations kendall in germany it is 7 clock friday november 2 , so happy b-day
id1	id2	neutral	None	full moon : oct 29th . you can read more if you have your sun sign in libra , scorpio , sag , cap , aqua or pisces URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sunday night isnt a big tv night for me . besides ar , i was watching army wives but i heard a rumor its not been renewed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this saturday green velvet back at cherry moon ! together with deg , frank zolex , youri parker & dj ghost ! be part ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dtn pakistan : pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit : pakistans cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a t ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	how about that knicks/heat game tomorrow though lol , #imonit
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday everyone . it is 07.48 in south africa . a great day to all and enjoy a super weekend :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey adam , your new album is trending worldwide yesterday . thank to ur indonesian fans ! theyre just cant wait !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looks like you guys had fun in sunny scotland ... looks as if therell be some hungovertones today ... #hadto x
id1	id2	positive	None	march fourth marching band is sound checking and sounds awesome . dont miss this show tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	despite sandy , the show goes on : weehawken , nj - october 30 : much of the new york city skyline sits in darkness ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	special conference call tomorrow the 7th at 7:30 pst - 10:30 est featuring doug wead ! doug is going to give us a ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	& then @USER idk he danger , we in a whip full w/deals , weapons & beyonce new cd - night almost killed me im n2 self preservation bro
id1	id2	positive	None	1st prize . rm 5000 with 4 x ipad 2 ( each person ) trophy , & certificate of participation . lulz , wanna joinnn -___-
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia graces and rosies 1st anniversary of a visit of your show . how
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER attn : wrestlers- still time to join this sundays seminar/tryout . heres the info : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the mta should be pretty embarrassed tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	shhh secret party ! tonight ! meet at the brooklyn bridge URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	boxing news : devon alexander and randall bailey ready to slug it out on september 8th URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	don ; t forget to go the cvs tomorrow and get the viagara . we both know you need all the encouragement you can get !!! dreams and visions boo :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	amanda knox judge : no new dna evidence : the judge in the amanda knox trial wednesday rejected a prosecution requ ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	did i really have a debate about twilight last night ? and i was team edward ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	come to the petrolia farmers market tomorrow to pick up the last of your long wknd food supplies !
id1	id2	positive	None	heading back to the states today after two months .. then moving to florida tomorrow ! very exciting times :)
id1	id2	positive	None	new skyfall trailer is live . - * fans self * is it october yet ? i have all the feels for this . goddamn . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	woohoo going to spend all day thursday shopping at the florida mall :)) #yay #shoptilwedrop
id1	id2	neutral	None	new york giants : game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tom hanks and bill murray may be the two people i would most like to meet . well , them and scarlett johansen . different reasons though ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wow ! thank you tanduay may replay ang #tanduayrockfest sa abs-cbn . youre the best @USER rock on pilipinas !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think matty may have just implied that max is doing a christmas song . or lulu . or durston .
id1	id2	positive	None	tickets for the france , belgium , netherlands , germany , denmark , norway , and sweden tmh tour go on sale tomorrow ! good luck ! :)
id1	id2	negative	None	iebc may hold the most modern & credible elections , but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we r witnessing continues
id1	id2	neutral	None	the jumpstart students walk the brooklyn bridge & end the night bieber style . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	when i teach a basketball in my own school , were gonna spend the 1st day watching larry bird videos , & the rest will take care of itself .
id1	id2	neutral	None	you guys , @USER is going to have fried thin mints and tagalog ice cream tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	b-team practice thursday , plus a parent meeting to discuss the details of the n.o. trip , & a finance update ..
id1	id2	positive	None	regionals game at panther stadium tomorrow night ! everyone go and support our panthers !! but you have to be loud ! derby vs . north ! #playoffs
id1	id2	positive	None	got some great shots of the march fourth marching band tonight at americaplatz @USER they were fantastic !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	im so ready for @USER to get here tomorrow ! another fun weekend in starkville with my sweet boy !!
id1	id2	negative	None	the storm will be moving inland to cny tomorrow . thats when ill get worried about my family . living right on oneida lake .
id1	id2	positive	None	i just finished dexter , season 5 . i seriously cant wait until season 6 on october 2 ! check out the trailer for it here . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if obama wins i am quite sure one of his 1st major foreign policy hits would be successful resumption of talks with tehran .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yes , he has given arsenal more red cards than any other team . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	lloyd robertson set to end 41-year run as national news anchor tonight - news957 : URL @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER two completely different days . world book day is for kids march 1 2012 . this day is world book night - for adults ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	cebus original lechon belly in parkmall joins the bazaar in it park next fri . -nov 9 . taste the boneless lechon belly the way it was created
id1	id2	positive	None	this too cute puppy show on animal planet might just be the greatest thing ever . i may never leave my room . #homeworkcanwait
id1	id2	neutral	None	keith foulke is throwing out the first pitch to jason varitek ... i mean are we rly celebrating an 8th yr reunion ?
id1	id2	positive	None	walking through chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely . love london at night :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	i sure hope the skate center plays decent music tomorrow @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER good argument , however its a gamble that wont pay off , worse still i think the constitution has a deadline of dec 4th
id1	id2	negative	None	the u16s game with shotton has been called off due to a waterlogged pitch , so theyre now going to llani on wednesday night . sorry lads !
id1	id2	neutral	None	id want mannone , jenks/sagna , per , kos , tv5 , coq , arteta , santi , theo/gnabry , giroud , poldi to start tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	#web apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul : san francisco ( reuters ) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of ...
id1	id2	positive	None	bestie we gotta go see flight with denzel washington , comes out friday . seems so good @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	#nfl and #espn have as many kinks to work out as the teams -- they just flashed the monday night football graphic ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we usually get presidents day in february before 2 wks for spring break in march . thatll be it til may 31 for summer break .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sprint takes control of clearwire ; now owns 51% stake , may buy it outright URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i love dr. aq !! :-) kamran shahid interviewed him today . i suggest u to watch it URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER and then both teams took dumps in the 2nd round of the big dance , ku flaming out against ucla , mizzou losing to northern iowa .
id1	id2	neutral	None	delhi braces for another ramdev protest : new delhi : final touches were being given wednesday at the ramlila gro ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	vanessa and denies are coming shopping with me on black friday .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	imaaa lay it alll on the table tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	they should make february 13th desperation day .
id1	id2	positive	None	wish i couldve went to see miss may i tonight at house of blues -.-
id1	id2	neutral	None	im hearing diamonds just entered the u.s top 5 and that rih is coming to snl the 10th , is this true ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	well be tweeting live summerslam updates next sunday on-location at staples center for the 3rd straight year ! please spread the word ! #wwe
id1	id2	negative	None	fire up the outrage machine , because channel 4 are showing four lions as part of a 9/11 anniversary season : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#2 in the bcs ! lets all enjoy this moment in the sun . its been a long time coming for the wildcat faithful ! #emaw
id1	id2	positive	None	friday - dracula time again at the leicester square theatre at 7.00 pm . not doink anysing ? come and join van helsing ! yes ! it is i !
id1	id2	positive	None	listening bear mccreary battlestar galactica ost makes me wanna see this amazing tvshow again . one day ill see it for the 4th time :p #bsg
id1	id2	neutral	None	world tomorrow with julian assange - wikileaks - all episodes : all twelve episodes plus the trailer for the show ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its all about reptiles this saturday , november 3rd ! meet animal planets gator boys , enjoy live venomous ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	janowicz was #221 in january and the win over murray today takes him to #46 - good year ! mega potential ! #36 if he beats tipsarevic .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if cundiff wouldve made the field goal sunday , i couldve been eatin a free 6in sub at subway for lunch !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblues yonghwa and beasts gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10 cr : foreverjeti
id1	id2	neutral	None	yiying is two characters in the chinese lang . the 1st part , yi , means happy . the 2nd part , ying , means creative . right ? @USER #learning
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday with sufjan stevens - casimir pulaski day live at manchester apollo 19/05/11 : URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	im going to watch eurosong ! croatia is 10th ;) so vote for croatia !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tomorrow fc toronto vs liverpool ? are you go at stadium ? today napoli won 3 a 2 vs bayern !! scored : pandev , cannavaro , insigne !
id1	id2	negative	None	heading back to greenville on monday ! ugh why cant trainings be in columbia ?! im tired of going to freakn greenville !!
id1	id2	positive	None	sitting next to reid hoffmans 2nd cousin at @USER hes a landscape architect to the stars :) #sonotintech
id1	id2	neutral	None	now gotta wait for friday for the knicks first game #3seed
id1	id2	neutral	None	come out to the @USER rising stars game being held here at 5:10 pm this saturday ! see prospects from all 30 @USER teams ! #afl12
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i was like shy glizzy bouta be up at dc star saturday and he said nigga no im not
id1	id2	positive	None	rg is cleared for the vikings game sunday #goodmood p.s. thank god we got rid of cuntsniff or is it cundiff ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER who all going to the berkmar game tomorrow ? meee
id1	id2	neutral	None	apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul : san francisco ( reuters ) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful hea ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i wonder what happened to her . i think he will continue to wear pink , until he set up a new gear :)
id1	id2	negative	None	heres everybodys warning nobody better piss me off tomorrow , idc who you are im gonna snap #done #imatmybreakingpoint #canttakethisanymore
id1	id2	neutral	None	#businessnews p&g shifts top executives to singapore : us consumer giant procter and gamble ( p&g ) said friday it ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i may have just thrown a lime at an nfl player . apologies forthcoming #ivaluemylife
id1	id2	neutral	None	from tomorrow 5 days eid holidays in muscat . plans afoot to see a little of the interior with friends . eid mubarak !
id1	id2	neutral	None	get down to adelaide oval tomorrow to see accs @USER and the @USER in action !
id1	id2	positive	None	vh1 is going to kill friday after next
id1	id2	neutral	None	#nationals 9th inning had that 4th quarter #redskins feel , didnt it ? coulda swore i saw cundiff shank one from the mound .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching the 2nd ghost rider film is like watching nicholas cage go through a drug induced psychosis .
id1	id2	neutral	None	# . : aubig black leather camera case bag pouch case with strap for olympus om-d omd em5 e-m5 cyber monday deals URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	save the date : the world banks new doing business report will be out october 23
id1	id2	neutral	None	taylor swift to co-host grammys with ll cool j : new york , oct 30 ( ani ): taylor swift has been chosen to present ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	clemson plans to honor lattimore on saturday night . they are dedicating the final play of the duke game to him , when they take a knee .
id1	id2	neutral	None	now the nigga with the tender busy buying her kfc on sunday evenings * smh *
id1	id2	positive	None	jasmine curtis-smith is nominated as best new female tv personality ( for nandito ako ) in the 26th pmpc star awards for tv . yay ! =))
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER also mancs going on about it was there youth/2nd team last night ? thought they put out a decent side seeing they have afc on sat
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol ! gonna make up for day off tomorrow ! also bought vertical ipad stand so i can browser test w/the lot of em . #geekgirl
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER how was your day today ? did you enjoy watching softball . we missed you on tiger woods
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER gagners agent says talks continue , will have hearing on friday if no deal msm just proved youre #clueless !
id1	id2	positive	None	getting pumped for the #niners #giants game sunday . and i guess so it kyle williams URL
id1	id2	negative	None	btw , whoever decided to use rohypnol as a date rape drug , may you get creepy diseases and may you wish to die every second of your life ! >_<
id1	id2	neutral	None	#rugby : danny care will start the final test against south africa on saturday in a much-changed england team ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	smashing fifa atm won the capital one cup , 1st in the league and in the finals of the f.a cup and champions league
id1	id2	positive	None	maths re sit next tuesday but then going to my first ever champions league match at the etihad ! buzzing !
id1	id2	positive	None	#nowplaying michael jackson - shes out of my life ( live at wembley july 16 . URL l.o.v.e it ! #mjtunes
id1	id2	positive	None	happy new year to those who arent into anno domini . shana tovah & all that good jazz ! looking forward to the chinese new year in feb .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day <3 ... only if you live in brazil , otherwise its just another irritating monday .
id1	id2	positive	None	tong , mew , ying , donut , tang/june , sunee , korn , x , everything lah i love all the cast hehehe
id1	id2	positive	None	bomb squad bake sale thursday the 25th !!! dont miss out .
id1	id2	negative	None	hearts throbbing , might not make it to my 21st ... #sike ! better watch out world , courtneys here & no ones stopping me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER they have sessions at the bridge tomorrow before the game & next at cobham is thursday
id1	id2	neutral	None	latest : steelers , polamalu agree to four-year deal : the pittsburgh steelers agreed to terms saturday with troy p ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	disappointed the knicks vs nets game got canceled tonight , but im even more hyped for knicks vs heat on friday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight csa will announce a new sponsor . today the kai cricket board played their kfc mini-cricket festival and they continue tomorrow in el
id1	id2	positive	None	hammond : we now have a balanced budget with an affordable equipment programme , backed by what will still be the 4th largest defence budget .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER phase two kicks off with iron man 3 trailer on october 23rd URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER vanessa , emily and i are going to the mall tomorrow . vanessa still needs her outfit too . aha
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i may say bad words too but that doesnt mean i lost my christianity , i love you god true
id1	id2	neutral	None	so far today ive been asked who will win the rugby world cup and what the score would be between darlington/fleetwood
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha i duno =p ill try to save heaps but mum said shed go halves and get me an ipad for my 21st but i said i want money hah
id1	id2	negative	None	born in february close to valentines . through all the heart pains i still look for love guess imma always b crazy
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER massive congrats on the best roots album award in nz ! looking forward to sharing the stage monday in melbourne town
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER they were in 10th place and the hadnt acquired jeff carter yet , so not quite .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i miss you and i better get a juge kiss and hug tomorrow night ( because you will be at joes :))
id1	id2	negative	None	metropcs first to market with 4g rich communication services : metropcs may not be the largest wireless carrier - ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	operating g3kmi this evening from the university maths tower on hf bands . 6:15 -pm - 8pm bst . 10th floor , room 10037 . #ham #hamradio
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER jesus died for you , knowing you might never love him back . that is true love . try wed night game at sjp in jan true love
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st time ive seen eleanor respond to hate o.o she seems to sweet to say 1 mean thing ! pic.twitter.com/tdlegkdw
id1	id2	positive	None	whos coming to the marijuana march in cardiff tomorrow ? support the cause #legalizeweed !
id1	id2	positive	None	going to finish watching the vow tomorrow , its such a cute movie c :
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks for making this snowy day so pleasant ! echo and penny will be in friday morning at 10 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	hmm raspberry pi - scrap ipads in the class room - have some pi instead #education @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	how many times do you think hank williams plays are you ready for some football per concert ? 3 times a night ? at least ?
id1	id2	negative	None	lost my ss shirt , so im just gonna wear my old ss jacket tomorrow instead ; b
id1	id2	neutral	None	oneil says vaughn will be sold in january . his crime ? passed the ball forward more than 3 times today !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	#flexthursday !! dis thursday !!! wit @USER @USER crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit #pinkcity !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i heard that ms. pink friday got tired of hearing mrs. canon bragging about her records , grammys , success and bs .
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday and saturday you can catch me at the leicester square theatre in london @USER ( tickets still available ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but sen. #johnny enriles life is interesting its keeping me awake
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thats going to be killa ! howz it going girl !? much love :)
id1	id2	positive	None	today * very * rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans .
id1	id2	neutral	None	laura wright , gareth malone , noah stewart and margherita taylor attend the classic brit awards launch , september 6
id1	id2	positive	None	the sun is shining in cornwall today , perfect for a walk in padstow & grabbing rick steins fish & chips on the way - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	four lions . watch it on channel 4 . tonight . at 8pm . best film ever . i have this on my ipad . never tired of it . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 1 . average age of our team is 0.4 years less than yours 2 . starting xi contained 4 1st team 3 . we can still win the treble
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER - if you let him play his game and realize you have an oversize cammalleri and not a todd bertuzzi , he may bounce back .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER were going to be at boys and girls club to clean tomorrow at 10am . they told us to bring boots and gloves . all are welcome .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my biggerst worries about this hurricane are meryl streep and susan sarandon , because they live in ny , may god protect them and ther family
id1	id2	neutral	None	the @USER @USER & @USER tip-off the season with ws tuesday night . URL daily zap : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	arsenal v sunderland : new signing louis saha set to lead the line in absence of stephane sessegnon : sun ... URL #arsenal
id1	id2	neutral	None	real to sign neymar in december - report - bangkok post : real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ohh cool , start going to fca on thursday mornings !
id1	id2	neutral	None	considering the size of our squad these days , we could have done without extra time ahead of another trip to tayside on saturday . #hmfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	should i have an engagement party ? any who .. san francisco this weekend then ... i officially move to colorado on the 13th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ben said bicester was full of chavs , well im currently sat with last years cast of jeremy kyle . uh hypocritical much ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER im on the last 3 episodes for the 10th time . i still want to bootfuck phil & johnny sac every time they talk .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so in flames is coming back in december with lamb of god , then a couple days later , dethklok is coming with black dahlia murder #stoked
id1	id2	negative	None	in 27 hours i know if im gonna see the boys live on may 1st !! omgg im sooo scared for tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	frank gaffrey , cliff may , steve emerson : brilliant . looming threats : iran , hezbollah hamas is the best #cufidc session ive had thus far .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hell yea lmfaoo , & see you tomorrow asia baby (;
id1	id2	negative	None	acta on choo getting thrown out at 2b with 1 out and down by 2 in 9th . you have give the tying run a chance to come to the plate .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the media filing center at the university of denver empty now will be bustling tomorrow . #utpol #denverdebate pic.twitter.com/dd4m2bnh
id1	id2	negative	None	this is as brutal of a loss as it gets . up 6-0 then up 2 with 2 outs in the 9th only to blow it . its going to be a very long winter in wsh .
id1	id2	positive	None	published a new blog entry november 18 - otherwise known as sheila the great in art in the county . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	championship : team news : bellamy in frame for cardiff : all the team news from saturdays championship game ... URL #boro
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am going to the seminar richie hawtin ( official page ) is hosting at concordia this monday . first time going to ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER were you on sm sta . rosa last sunday ? i didnt see you . :( and sm calamba this friday yeah ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha we totally should !!! my mom just asked me if i wanted to leave thurs and stay in nyc until sat then go to italy and idk ?
id1	id2	negative	None	spain summons argentine ambassador in oil dispute - spain warned argentina on friday it risks becoming an ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	today is national kissing day coz its no work day tomorrow !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	1st 5-star review . colour of lemon sets off like a bullet train with the gruesome murder of one of sowerbutts own .
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the vow for the 1st time ! i <3 it ! already cried 3 times !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER under pressure release , eurovision , victory album realease , 1st european tour , eurosong waterline , your fav pic with them
id1	id2	positive	None	today - is the annual marijuana march in toronto ! happy weed march everyone in toronto and of course all ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im thinking of going tomorrow and then moving onto bolton from there to get city + eagles
id1	id2	neutral	None	beating the retreat ceremony is conducted on the evening of january 29 , the third day after the republic day . #facts
id1	id2	neutral	None	maniaci on casimir pulaski day ( march 1 , 04 ): some people call it a holiday . judge : i call it a holiday . courtroom laughs #drewpeterson
id1	id2	neutral	None	grammy and caleb going freeport tomorrow chalee ,
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER bro this nigga said zimmerman was charge with a 2nd degree murder . who he kill the 1st time ? lol
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER as a point , flacco had a 0.3 qbr last sunday . even vet qb had a bad day .
id1	id2	positive	None	nine goa congress legislators want to join us : bjp : panaji , oct 31 : goas ruling bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	who starts at qb on friday ? id play nichols . have said that all year . he had a big q4 with key targets and has already played calgary .
id1	id2	positive	None	breaking dawn is coming out on the 16th , yayyy
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the pregame state of the union vuu vs vcu .. tomorrow night at mansion !
id1	id2	neutral	None	on my way to the airport with 50 min sleep all night ... eyes burning like im on true blood .. wtf
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i first heard them when farewell to the fairground was their single , whenever that was . i think they have a 2nd album now
id1	id2	negative	None	#khader exists israeli high court will hear case of khader adnan on thursday . that may well be too late . where are the protests ?
id1	id2	positive	None	world bank praises electricity access improvements in malaysia URL from previous 59th now it is 28th in position #bnbagus
id1	id2	neutral	None	new barcelona player alexis sanchez yesterday left chile to travel to barcelona . tomorrow hell train for the first time . #fcblive [ via efe ]
id1	id2	positive	None	dcs version of paris nuit blanche is just 6 days away !! i cant wait ;-) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER nice to see you only have 9 players in the squad who werent born in england ! #importers
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you wanna go see inbetweeners next wednesday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	liiistooo pa romper dc star nightclub 4 the 1st time since 08 !!! toy readyy ! #dmvsofficialhost
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER cmon guys fix this please , i dont want this to end up how diablo iii did ... :.(
id1	id2	neutral	None	sundays at 5pm cst , tune in for the sunday blues on underground radio . an hour show with blues musical styles ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	north has a half day thursday , einstein doesnt . anyone wanna go see ms. kable with me ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	simcity delayed , now erecting on march 5 : if you were thrilled by the recent lenghty demonstration of simcity or ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut . thats the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cakap je . can we do it on tuesday ? im in melaka . i really want to be in the picture ... please . * u may copy and paste this *
id1	id2	positive	None	fashion against aids h&m released tomorrow online .. i want that aztec print jacket .. so not me but so colourful !
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to cypress hill at open air gampel festival in gampel , switzerland - aug 18 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to the new jersey shore starting tonight . has it started in ireland yet ?? what do tweeps think ?? #jerseyshore
id1	id2	positive	None	played wednesday , outclassed a premier league team tonight by the sounds of it ! #swfc #operationptl
id1	id2	positive	None	on june 29 , andrew breitbart offered a $ 100,000 reward to anyone for the full journolist archive , source fully protected .
id1	id2	negative	None	i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow ... but nooo , i have to go to catch up day because i failed my fcking french test
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i told you what me n asia din already but sunday we cud hit earth
id1	id2	neutral	None	fun friday : a long procession of elementary school children march along the ring road in iqaluit at around 3:15 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER congrats on the new contract and good luck tomorrow in bmore ! go steelers !
id1	id2	neutral	None	more nba tomorrow .. free nba league pass till the 6th .. what did i do to deserve this ( rozay voice )
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully heading to cowboys & aliens tonight , hopefully will be able to get in to see it , need some fun to watch
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you :-) <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got off the 5:00 conference call and a winter storm watch has been issued from 2:00 am , monday october 29th ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER vandals in oakland same as the night before in sf with afghans grown in . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER dana asked when chael started his job with fox and chael response was oct 1st on fuel tv
id1	id2	neutral	None	and the monstography bidding begins ... silent auction closes tuesday 20th 8pm . who will be nzs next top mon URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i use to love that song in the 8th grade . trina was my role model lmfao
id1	id2	neutral	None	indie band music festival this coming sat and sun , olympic park . listen to music in the heart of urban nature URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what ive been busying about is just about my communitys big day on sunday . and plus i get tired . you know i even have classes .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aj will you follow me for my birthday ? also looking really forward to seeing yall nov 10 ! :) my first college game :)
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched four lions , cool . awesome song to finish it with too . #nowplaying aphex twin - avril 14th
id1	id2	positive	None	eli manning best 4th quarter qb in the game !
id1	id2	negative	None	if one more commentator references how smart the dook players are , i may just turn this mess off . #overratededucation #dook
id1	id2	neutral	None	piresfor cesc it is difficult because at arsenal he knew he was going to play every saturday , was the captain of the team and a crack .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nba video - the daily zap : all the action from wednesdays six pack can be found right here in the daily zap . URL #nba
id1	id2	negative	None	watched the wiggles for the 1st time . was embarrassed for those men & then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich . #parenting
id1	id2	positive	None	wildcat madness tomorrow ! community pep rally ! bell game ! hope to see you all there !
id1	id2	neutral	None	its thursdayyy so its ladies night @USER come out and get your thirsty thursday on with the bomb squad !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids #dreamy
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER plz give the fans a treat and start trash talking david taylor . really heat things up b4 what may be the match of the century !
id1	id2	positive	None	there is on thing i have learned from the mlb playoffs , cougar town on a new network . i cant wait till january . #poundinggrape #pennycan !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER not that far yet but would prob start the 1st night of the roxy
id1	id2	positive	None	national bieber day in all the countries <3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you ! if one of the rabbis on campus can come by today with purim greetings , so can you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	weve come all the way from canadia ... on caltrain to #stanford ! #quatchi #s @USER street caltrain station URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER take the cue from enrile and cuevas . besides , may stem cell na . ha ha .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER omg i know jacob :( cry with me tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yea got bk yesterday !! well figure sum out !! me , you , pooh , & dexter lol :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	on a saturday , in zimmerman , i watched it begin again
id1	id2	positive	None	be sure to catch former owl football player lestar jean on espns monday night football tonight at 8 p.m. with houston . go owls !
id1	id2	neutral	None	im sharing my candy with lyric , alena , dejanae and marquell tomorrow =)
id1	id2	positive	None	listening to @USER on my ipad while cleaning the house tonight . all i want to do is sing & dance around . great tunes ! :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER im in hawaii at the moment . home next friday night . dont want to come home .
id1	id2	negative	None	im sitting home on a saturday night watching silent house with my parents . #loooser xp
id1	id2	positive	None	jonathan ross is going to be amazing on saturday ! @USER and @USER in one show ... ahhh cant wait !
id1	id2	positive	None	finally starting the 5th season of #dexter . see ya later , weekend !
id1	id2	neutral	None	wednesdays laugh : eskom : a little old lady answered a knock on the door one day , only to be confronted by a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	colts backup qb curtis painter warming up . this could be it for kerry collins who may have a concussion . #nfl #colts
id1	id2	negative	None	physics tomorrow is going to be a shit show
id1	id2	positive	None	act of valor may have just become one of the best movies ive ever seen
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER justin bieber is in mexico city and monterrey performing . i hope he doesnt ride any buses at night while there ...
id1	id2	negative	None	the fact that i have no plans tomorrow night & its my last night in fl for a min <<<
id1	id2	neutral	None	im hosting the day party @USER friday from 2-6 and then @USER in raleigh that night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	was last night in tottenham part of spurs plan to get more money from the mayors office for the new stadium ??
id1	id2	positive	None	im driving in to long beach saturday . if anyone has clothes , food , cleaning supplies , linens to donate please let me know ! thank you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#whenonaplaneyoushould do a temple run game in the 1st class .
id1	id2	positive	None	heat vs knicks gone be the best series in the 1st round ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER av has 11 offensive rebounds with 4 minutes left in the 3rd . thats a good month for brook lopez .
id1	id2	negative	None	sad news today , what a great player . rt @USER pavol demitra has died in the russian plane crash .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight . love you girl . - britney
id1	id2	neutral	None	athens ( reuters ) - greek lawyers launched their defense of a prominent journalist on thursday charged with break ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you know , lady gaga reads letters to a young poet every morning ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER lmao , from a garage in boro . my mate went in for drink on sunday night but they wouldnt serve him because it was too late , so
id1	id2	positive	None	have you got your tickets yet ? londons newest whorehouse opens next saturday ! leicester square theatre URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wouldnt it be better to do it april half term cuz eurosong means nothing to uk ppl
id1	id2	positive	None	may 5 . badhabitz heads to chesters in appleton , wi to rock the house . dont miss this show ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy thursday jennette from detroits #1 radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i should be in hammond saturday night , or friday night you got my line right
id1	id2	neutral	None	guys the trayvon martin case doesnt start til june 10 , twenty thirteen !!! #steep #graduation
id1	id2	neutral	None	looking ahead : gov . haley will visit honda in timmonsville tomorrow at 1:30 pm . shell then visit the governors school in hartsville at 3pm
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow i get my hands on my copy of vlr for ps vita . hopefully the postive impression i got from the demo carries over to the full copy .
id1	id2	negative	None	i lost respect for #annahazare the minute he sat at duratma gandhis graveyard yesterday . india does not need another gandhi . vandemataram
id1	id2	positive	None	recap . i saw bad 25 on tuesday . the spike lee documentary on michael jackson . it was beyond amazing . && it was only showing for 6 days .
id1	id2	negative	None	dont want to play one thats too long , what with street fighter iii : 3rd strike on wednesday , and deus ex : human revolution on friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	george clooneys sister : he wont wed : george clooneys sister doesnt think he will ever marry again . the 51-yea ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER is true that you will give two concerts in mexico city on 01 & october 02 , please tell me because not enough tickets te amo
id1	id2	positive	None	another day of iss tomorrow . it wont even that bad .
id1	id2	positive	None	good afternoon clemson fam !... lets finish out finals strong ! we are taking care of business in the classroom ... go tigers :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	does anyone want to trade a playstation vita for a ipod touch 4th generation 32 gigabyte ? : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cabin fever 2 drops tomorrow . no way itll be better than taylor allderdice but im still pumped for it . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER brand ? im waiting for a ticketek voucher to come through . if its not here by tuesday though ill just pay full price .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i have plans to go to cvs before work today and get something . that may be what i get . im going to quarantine myself today
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER boss lady bamboo on sunday come do it major with bdr
id1	id2	neutral	None	didnt the 49ers learn from the nfc championship game back in january ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i would be at berkmar football game on the 31st .
id1	id2	positive	None	red sox , phillies flying high as they take out the yankees and giants this afternoon . cc rocked , hamels dominates ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so stoked ! im going to the irving plaza nyc show on november 18th c :
id1	id2	neutral	None	grand ! opening ! of orlando live formally lax classic wknd ! friday , saturday , sunday ! some of the biggest URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the 1st article pointed out to me for my fb page dedicated to the announcer at bethnal green - hoping the 1st of many ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs . vitali klitschko : charr didnt look scared as he stared ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	and on tuesday , harry redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER won twice on the last day to stay up . finished 10th and carling cup final . sent west ham down !!! lot of good times , more to come
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER that would be jason varitek . pick me as i would love to go to the game sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	open lobby was fun today ... hopefully itll be cool tomorrow too .
id1	id2	positive	None	watching old snl episodes from the 80s w/ chevy chase , john belushi , and dan ackroyd . billy joel is the musical guest . the best lazy sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	top five holidays for side chicks . 5 ) presidents day 4 ) day after valentines day 3 ) black friday 2 ) april fools day 1 ) groundhogs day
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER why govt loosing sleep over anna hazares fast . may be they dont want another gandhi like figure .
id1	id2	negative	None	displeased with lion , i may take this opportunity to learn windows 7 . or linux . or poke myself in the eye .
id1	id2	negative	None	simon crean still cant support the way kevin rudd was spilled from the role of pm - herald sun URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	turned on the news to see the riots in tottenham this morning . first thought was that spurs must have signed joey barton .
id1	id2	positive	None	swing by the all arts market friday night at neighborhood theatre ! come buy local and start your christmas shopping early :)
id1	id2	positive	None	our 3rd winner whos won himself an exciting couple invite for the #divasofrock at vivanta by taj - blue diamond , pune is @USER !
id1	id2	neutral	None	will the so cal earthquake hit already , so it doesnt hit during summerslam or next weeks monday night raw #earthquake
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER stick to college hoops & pandering to 2nd rate acc teams ... dooks opening game is right around the corner , baybeee !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	end of 2nd 3-2 predators ... preds will be short handed to start the 3rd .
id1	id2	positive	None	new haven ct ! come to the teen center and party with us august 31st and help us end the coming alive tour with a bang ! ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	live at d-tronics 20th anniversary with locations valley wide mcallen , edinburg , harlingen , brownsville they have ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER it does ! and big time rush on saturday counts for a musical , right ? haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	chess game today ... if anyone is in dumbo today at the brooklyn bridge pier . come play a game with me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER chasing madoff .. but the beginning credit sequence says it has an art director and the music implies batman may show up .
id1	id2	negative	None	i have physics revision for tomorrow but merr , im going to fail anyway
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i would love the audio book the art of war by sun tzu , as read by jim white !! #mountainsandsea
id1	id2	neutral	None	why the most lovely artists are not always understood ? lady gaga , justin bieber , miley cyrus etc etc today they have to know that ...
id1	id2	positive	None	today ( july 28th 12 ) is milk chocolate day . bring it on . #milkchocolateday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	caught up on true blood !! i love it ... now time for bed ! night peeps .. be safe tonight :) !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	embarrassing . rams cut alexander . yes i know hes from mizzou . but cmon . chiefs d makes unknowns look like pro bowlers .
id1	id2	neutral	None	soul train party oct 27 perform by ~ t . dot all stars .. drell ~ + many more new kids on the block taking over t . dot URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER get well soon tressa ! have a nice day tomorrow :))
id1	id2	negative	None	fuck it ... no one pays attention anyhow .. this ! next tuesday on @USER the original nirvana drummer chad channing ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	ron paul snr advisor doug wead interview with frost  mar 31 2012 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	beyonce sang the words we could never come up with ! best thing i never had . i didnt give the song a chance @USER but its growing on me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	playing with fluke tomorrow night in the sailors return . #weymouth . #live gig .
id1	id2	positive	None	dmv i will be performing live @USER star this saturday w/ big and the band shout to sunshine + bennyt
id1	id2	neutral	None	heading to zimmerman on the 9th grade football bus ... #different
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER instead of watching lorax pregame , try friday night lights . tim mcgraw can beat the fumble out of you
id1	id2	neutral	None	the pack rides during the 7th stage of the 70th edition of the paris-nice cycling race run between s URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER best year ever it will be ! i am tossing the idea of hawaii around for mid jan to mid feb . but california dreaming for suuure
id1	id2	positive	None	i will be at the movies friday night to see final destination 5 . im in love with scary movies :)
id1	id2	positive	None	i gotta play that friday track by flatbush zombies to finish a great day .
id1	id2	positive	None	gambled on chocolate day as a successful theme day at work .. turns out chdn do like chocolate . wed . is gross day . hope kids like gross stuff .
id1	id2	negative	None	my soup just blew up in the microwave and exploded everywhere . so far today has been a bigger bitch than madonna is to hydrangeas .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER former teammates of pavol demitra reflect on their fallen friend after the lokomotiv plane crash in russia today . bit.ly/ofhtcq
id1	id2	positive	None	on the bright side tomorrows chocolate day #getexcited
id1	id2	neutral	None	one more day left in iqaluit . back home in ottawa tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	aj went to bed at 8:30 or 9:00 tonight . kid was tired . there was no stopping it . hubby and i sat and watched the stuff we usually watch ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	i hope theres people like the inbetweeners at 6th form .
id1	id2	neutral	None	enter our competition to win a london childrens map puzzle just follow and rt . closes friday 8t @USER pic.twitter.com/4jp1zs6y
id1	id2	neutral	None	it is 5 = 30 a.m. in the morning at new york . expect developments in next 4 hours . mrs gandhi must have just woken up .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER shes drivin through from banff with her dad goin to sort stuff in her flat ! roll on sunday though :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER david the uk bookies have got you penciled in with vitali for 30th december : do they know something we dont ??
id1	id2	positive	None	state qualifiers , young life , short day tomorrow lifes pretty damn good (;
id1	id2	positive	None	kick-off your weekend with service ! ev ! s get on the bus trip to the boys & girls club is friday from 3-6 ! hope to see you there :)
id1	id2	positive	None	if seattle and portland were knit together and covered by the california sun , youd have san fran . kinda love it .
id1	id2	positive	None	i love watching mersey side derbys but you just know mariner will ruined it in the 1st 10 minutes
id1	id2	negative	None	this may be a reason to swap , ios has too many daft games . android is a desolate wasteland when it comes to games . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	muse on jonathan ross brilliant . we have some exciting news about muse to announce monday from gotham records
id1	id2	neutral	None	its radio 1 rocks next - week starting off with a live lounge on @USER show with bullet for my valentine on monday
id1	id2	neutral	None	#mimi4 performing at santos party house , nyc . october 3rd . :: all the way from seattle ! @USER #mimireloaded URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have one spare vip meal ticket to qpr v reading at noon on sunday needing an owner . 3 course meal , wine , fancy seat etc .. anyone fancy it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	apparently there is an office for the feast of blessed pope john paul ii which is on monday ; URL #win #catholic #prayer
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh god , just realised im chain-smoking in mothers party wig and pretending im pj harvey . gonna get disemboweled in the morning for stinky
id1	id2	neutral	None	world in union ( with several opera singers ) for the rugby world cup will be available on august/september(12th ) more URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	haye waits on vitali decision - david haye will find out in december if a possible fight with vitali klitschko can g ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	aubtourage : update , i will be storytelling for risk on sept 25 and the wrecking ball video will be released on vevo sept 26th ! love you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	big thurs coming in hs football : richwood @USER grambling @USER & st. fred @USER will have you covered all wk @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	great double-bill on saturday for tjff ! win tix to check out the jean dujardin comedy from @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mick jagger with the monday night football song #swagswagswag
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER awesome round and congrats on your 1st tour victory ! enjoy the ritz carlton and kapalua plantation course ... youve earned it !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me n my madre november 9 ? it should be heavenly
id1	id2	neutral	None	im watching thursday night football between the tampa bay buccaneers and the minnesota jared allen
id1	id2	neutral	None	tom segal , pricewise of the racing post , will be on @USER tomorrow previewing the big races on day one of yorks dante festival .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nominations are now open for the citizen of the year awards held on australia day . three categories . close nov 30 . see : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	today in the weird , world of musical history ... hank williams was fired from the grand ole opry and told not to return until he was sober .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lmfao alright u got me there . good job parker and the spurs , see yall jan 9th . if i get an extra ticket to that game ur goin
id1	id2	neutral	None	it has been at least three months since ive heard an lmfao song . give it another month or two and i may once again venture outside .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER march 16 luke bryan is gonna at the houston rodeo . i have to go , its a must !
id1	id2	positive	None	* curls up next to papa on the front porch * going through baseball withdrawal ? i ask him . hardly , circe ... playoffs start tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER rt coco may be on the next season of dwts . if she makes it , ill watch the 1st episode . how about you ? 407.916.1041 @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	four lions is on c4 at 9pm sunday if you havent seen it
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sanchez & cesc are excellent additions but cant see much central def cover ? is mascherano 3rd cb or will pep trust the youngsters ?
id1	id2	negative	None	#tech apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company& #039 ; ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im a nikon guy , but interested in what you have to say tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey you ! im gonna be in dublin in february . know what im saying ?
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see my ravens beat the steelers tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#grooves ( 2300 pierce ) this friday sept28th kendrick perkins nba back to camp party with @USER and okc teammates | pic.twitter.com/8f0y973j
id1	id2	negative	None	stop that my dude .. @USER dook football , even the sun shines on a dogs a$$ some days . #unc
id1	id2	neutral	None	{ haha ziiinggg } rt @USER all across the us , with live feeds down , big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months .
id1	id2	negative	None	friday night an its dead . suppose i should go bed , watch spartacus and nurse a glass of rum as i have no coke :( #sendmetoasleep
id1	id2	neutral	None	we got tickets for the late show with david letterman which will air tonight ! look for us in the 3rd row . billy crystal is the guest .
id1	id2	positive	None	lol i fell twice tonight im so clumsy man bahahahaaa it was sooo funny i jus keep thinkin of kevin hart
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday night = netflix , my girl , and the internets . what more does a guy need ?
id1	id2	positive	None	come on out this saturday and support us in the semi-finals round of the battle of the effn rock ii concert ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER just read timmonsville is beating the crap out of mcbee 60-8 still in the 3rd !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning auburn family ! today feels like a good day to beat nick saban and bama at ... everything ! #thatincludesbeingbetterchristians
id1	id2	neutral	None	for those just tuning in , #chargers have linked those two games as pkg . to see aaron rodgers nov 6 , you gotta buy tix for seahawks . ( cont . )
id1	id2	positive	None	ash wednesday lyric ~ she shouts to the east god u better have something better for me cause if this is it , well i want better than this ...
id1	id2	positive	None	still time to order your #halloween treats ! deadline : 2pm cst today ( with overnight shipping ) to arrive tomorrow ! ---> URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	come hang out with me saturday at kremlin !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i got tomorrow off !! wooop !! @USER arsht center for the performing arts ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jr smith wanna be a starter so damn bad lol , nigga said 6th man of the year award is not what hes thinking about
id1	id2	neutral	None	nokia n9 might just come to the uk , unofficially though : finnish mobile giant nokia may have made it clear that the uk , along with sw ...
id1	id2	positive	None	big game for @USER tomorrow , away vs the knicks at msg . personally think knicks will win ... first game , msg crowd , sandy disaster ...
id1	id2	positive	None	they are back !!! in case you missed them last time , dont make the same mistake , 1 nov at backstage live and ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wku stops mtsu in the backfield on 3rd and goal from the 1 yard line . 4th down now ... and mtsu will attempt the fg
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER but foreign intervention isnt helping but i think qabiil is doing hefty damage in somalia . it divided us in the 1st place
id1	id2	neutral	None	cowboys tony romo still searching for career moment URL via usa today > same things were said about dirk title cures all
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to inspiring the makeup artists of tomorrow with my red carpet workshop at @USER in liverpool as guest lecturer
id1	id2	positive	None	lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonalds breakfast tomorrow with @USER #winning
id1	id2	positive	None	no joke i got a voicemail yesterday saying happy valentines day instead of happy 4th of july . wow . not sure what that is all about .
id1	id2	negative	None	probably not going to be seeing much of the semi-finals tomorrow because im going shopping around lunchtime
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER im everyday dressed up with my spartacus costume . so , if you miss this halloween , we may catch up anytime !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER bro u gotta see my videos today i was jukin the shit out the raiders
id1	id2	neutral	None	#canada #sweden jason vernau live @USER nightclub miami february 25th 2012 : jason vernau is back with some ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this friday , the new film occupy unmasked opens ; a guided tour of the ows movement hosted by andrew breitbart ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kaya punya uang aje ! :p rt : @USER ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january ( corriere dello sport )
id1	id2	positive	None	just caught up on tonights x factor . genius . never fails to amuse . never seen dermot get mad before - total respect for the guy
id1	id2	neutral	None	2 days till jack white at alley pally then i find out the ruskies need me to work on saturday . whats is it like to have a personal life ?
id1	id2	negative	None	shit here comes all the hawker tweets . dont worry wildcat fans they will all be gone on march 20 ( first round of ncaa tourney )
id1	id2	neutral	None	its on ... wifey and i gonna make the trip from new mexico for my 30th bday to join the #12thman on 12/9/12 to for the az game . #seahawks
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just typed in the bazura project into google images and the 7th image is a photo of my dad . also glenn with moustache is there . #whatthe
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER west cork pig derby tonight in timoleague ! declared non-runners ! URL #corkbuzz
id1	id2	neutral	None	victor cruz aint do the salsa all game ... hes overdue ... its the 4th quarter ... its time
id1	id2	negative	None	okay im sorry but taylor swift looks nothing like jackie o so stop comparing the two . cmon america arent you sick of her yet ? ( sorry )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER so if martin gets 15 in the first three quarters and none in the 4th when harden usually takes over he had the same impact ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	im getting the carter iv when it comes out august 29
id1	id2	neutral	None	where is @USER going to be at tonight in detroit ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER there are going to be plenty of ups & downs for boro , cardiff , leicester etc until may . i hope we are still in with a shout for promo
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes father how are you ? im all well , haha sun is always out , you know what that leads to . hows future bobby moore getting on ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER follow @USER , find her on november 26 . meet her . shell be at the bell center by 4:00 pm its her dream 2 meet u !! 90
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER martin atkinson the man in the middle on sunday . #nufc have never won an away game with him in charge . 6 losses and 4 draws
id1	id2	negative	None	i noticed all the huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday , particularly when he assisted bale for the 1st goal #thfc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks for upping valor from heroics , etc . was concerned about when i finally finish reps . still miss 1st 7 per week sys . tho .
id1	id2	negative	None	i can get money for kermit but aint gone have it by tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to djs 3rd grade team going to the superbowl ! ill be there cheering .
id1	id2	positive	None	i love thursdays ... greys anatomy ... one day closer to friday ... and no driving to huntsville .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the mere mention of catholics makes my blood rise - and i was raised catholic . rejected somewhere around 5th grade .
id1	id2	neutral	None	re doing a bio and watching the republicans debate while smashing some pineapple sherbet . not sure what to make of this evening lol
id1	id2	negative	None	i fail to see why the rams are playing twice on mnf this fall-isnt once enough ? and their 1st div game isnt til wk9 ! un-frickin-real .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to raid cvs tomorrow for the discounted candy . #halloween
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sanchez has a lil jake plummer in him . i like this kid . nothing like throwing into triple coverage on 3rd 10 and holmes catches it
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the 10th annual cloud expo @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dec 16th . i know its so far and near the end of sagittarius but im a full blown sag girl :) lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	becker answers with 65-yd td drive , @USER 12-yd fade to brett watercott . becker 26 , zimmerman 7 . 2:41 3rd qtr #mnscores
id1	id2	negative	None	perhaps a bit insensitive showing the film four lions in the run up to the 9/11 10th anniversary ... #justsaying
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER m @USER the baltimore sun reporting that the redskins have just cundiff-ed billy cundiff
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER this is very true . although theyve taken the wednesday repeats off for big brother :-/
id1	id2	neutral	None	are you reaaady ??? @USER 26km run tomorrow : belair to sm sta . rosa via greenfield city . gotta sleep now . #boom
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol ! jason & ethan went tues & thought it was good . i didnt fancy going & cole was out all day & nite with archie ! #loner
id1	id2	positive	None	final day at bali . enjoying the last times in sun and temperatures higher then 30 degrees .. almost time to going home !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi ! yeah me too ;d and yes , im from poland and im 16 . ill see new episode in the friday evening . cant wait tomorrow ;3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #puffhouse buh we jus got bac frm playin ball at lions park bout tuh smke again
id1	id2	negative	None	not cool having miesha tate , the former bantam weight champ on the under card . cmon #strikeforce treat her better . #rouseykaufman
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER united , chelsea , liverpool and the 4th one i cant decide , either man city or arsenal .
id1	id2	neutral	None	first friday raleigh will be one of the last times to see luke m buchanan we go back in place at rebus works ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER chanot , you may want to travel this christmas . phuket or bali ! :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the cast & crew of #thecurioussavage ! see it here at ash november 16 & 17 ! #fallplay #thespiangazelles URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight - we test one of our nuit blanche projects ! nuit blanche is coming up ! what are we doing you ask ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we spoke and you didnt mention it ..! happy birthday queen ! enjoy your earth day .. long may your pioneering work continue .. x x
id1	id2	positive	None	hope my interview go a1 tomorrow , i really want this job .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just like the final shot in the the shining . rembrandt may have painted john belushi . URL #rembrandt #belushi
id1	id2	neutral	None	hmm need to convert the euros i have left from barcelona for bristol on tuesday .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yup . and did you watch degrassi from friday yet ? loool awkward campbell
id1	id2	positive	None	you know what would be pretty funny ? if nz lost the first game against tonga tomorrow lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	tight race in the fans choice player of the week w/ wesleyan and brookwood players . last chance to vote : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	not here in the east :( though ... moon , jupiter , capella light up evening sky on november 1 | tonight | earthsky URL
id1	id2	positive	None	asikkk nanti di konser java jazz ada kak sierranya , hmm its a good news ! *lirik @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	#state is giving #ulol the business ... long pass play from aplin to jones - red wolves up 2 0-0 2nd q #sunbelt
id1	id2	positive	None	fun date night with my girl . home early . ice my aching body . wish i had netflix right about now ...
id1	id2	positive	None	btw come rock with us on sat in covina . ill be in costume . wear yours as well so i dont feel like in 12z URL
id1	id2	negative	None	karthikeyan in 22nd is already being warned by his hrt engineer that he needs to cool the brakes , with 53 laps still to go . #f1
id1	id2	positive	None	james murphy may b right-if pretentiousness leads to reading great books/listening to great music , even just to impress-you pry win in end
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont look now but : brook lopez had 19 pts & 9 rebs ( 28mins ) in 1st game back from foot injury over weekend . 18 & 11 ( 25 mins ) tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	notre dame kicks off exhibition play against nebraska tomorrow at noon et , and the game is webcast . this is how its done , wps .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jeremy evans just posterized turiaf watch sportscenter tomorrow morning so u could see it
id1	id2	positive	None	good night michael jackson , i do love you . see you in my dream : *
id1	id2	neutral	None	lions taken back to den for repairs : if you follow the pride in bournemouth trail today , you might be le ... URL #dorset
id1	id2	neutral	None	geoff shackelford : honda classic ratings up 78% : michael hiestand with the URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mikes funeral will be tomorrow at first star of jacob on howard ave in new haven ct ( the hill ) . starts at 5pm
id1	id2	positive	None	jeremy lin picks up his 4th foul , all he does is turn it over !!! pistons are hot right now folks !!
id1	id2	positive	None	redlicki/tahir are set to play wichita state duo of gregurovic/nicol at 5 pm et in the 1st round of doubles . #tulsaita #goduke
id1	id2	positive	None	big night . going to watch the cards thrash the pirates for a bit and then the 2011 @USER debut on mnf . #cantwait
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpes awesome hof speech . well have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight .
id1	id2	negative	None	i never watch the oscars , but with seth macfarlane hosting , i may have to actively campaign to get other people to not watch them either .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its like groundhog day . 2nd day here . @USER chicken ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	after a day at the lake me and my girl are getting ready to do vegas big tonight ! #blessed #freshtodeath
id1	id2	positive	None	tryna be more than temporary , love you everyday like february . im tryna make us soo official like #loverboy
id1	id2	neutral	None	cloud computing and big data strategy : in this ceo power panel at the 10th international cloud expo , moderated b ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mum couldnt help but laugh at the fact shes sat on this boat watching dt seusss the lorax with her 18 year old daughter :) #hellyeah
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER true fact : christianity based on a man who wins by dying . we call the day of his death good friday .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER heres your story from today : supporting the lions continues to be super depressing for detroiters .
id1	id2	positive	None	niggas in paris was playing in the waiting room at the clinic and this old lady sat tapping her walking stick and bobbing her head . so cute .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i have a home boy trying to sign up for the d league try outs june 17th ... his skills a1 , anyway to get him added ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER ben is looking at training to do a 100km cycle race plus some track stuff ... ben read seans blog etc ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	another saturday where it seems like plan b is gonna take over .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER watching the trayvon episode i recorded . the martins are incredibly strong & i am so sorry for their loss may god bless them #rip tm
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning ! do you come up as north as plant city for the shows ? we will be at the nov 17th show .
id1	id2	positive	None	hope pj harvey takes home the mercury tonight ! great record !
id1	id2	positive	None	so glad im not going back to woodlands tomorrow ! looking forward to joseph wright !
id1	id2	positive	None	our se member the alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning @USER on sep 15 @USER how exciting !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to going to carrow rd tonight . last time we were there , bale scored 2 and we were 3rd . do not want extra time though
id1	id2	negative	None	it needs to storm february 9th so endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at 7am sunday . #mardigras #nola
id1	id2	neutral	None	1pm august 16th live stream + duels with miley . :) be prepared !
id1	id2	neutral	None	its like painting the forth bridge - but wont be for much longer ! see scotland on sunday today
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER he is one of the 1st names on mancinis team sheet and he was one of the 1st names on capellos team sheet and that says it all
id1	id2	positive	None	sandy has passed by , and the cathedral close was only lightly touched ( whew ) , so yes , ncs will be open tomorrow ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going to bali tomorrow for the weekend for office retreat
id1	id2	positive	None	oxygen & vh1 get the most ratings on monday nights . . . lol we aint playing no games i cant wait till tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER by the skin of their teeth ... gregg williams .. easily 2nd best d coordinator yall ever had
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cof cof ~ someone is going to germany on november 30 ... oh i really envy you :) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i go on channel 7 to see what the weather is gonna be like tomorrow and taylor swift singing .. #eewww #getoffmytv
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile pic u may wanna hit the gym b4 u head to the bridge w your bitch slaps #jogon
id1	id2	positive	None	best of luck to @USER at illinois state tonight ! domination of the 2nd half of the mvc season starts tonight ! #rolltimber
id1	id2	negative	None	#filmquotefriday you were the worst fucking deal i ever made ! johnny blaze , ghost rider : spirit of vengeance . on 3d blu-ray and dvd monday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	late night with jimmy fallon clips - maya rudolph , @USER @USER URL @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i preordered it on thursday/friday at midnight the night it came able to pre-order , love you and frankie . x pic.twitter.com/pp1ozzaa
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER doug wead : owners of the msm are the prince of the air ouch ! feel the burn . too clever . =) #ronpaul
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER chesters tomorrow for the match with me and shoddy you cool motherfucker ?
id1	id2	negative	None	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life :: ... URL via
id1	id2	neutral	None	more like chris brown in feb . 09 rt @USER yall treat me like elvis presley in the 50s .
id1	id2	positive	None	a cheeky 61 by nick watney good enough to win #cimbclassic at -22 from @USER & @USER @USER closed with 63 to share 4th
id1	id2	neutral	None	better yet , anyone going to zimmerman on saturday sober ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	dinner tonight at the corner of mass ave and alabama from 5pm-8pm !! see you all there !! dont forget to try the #lulu !! #getyourfix
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow venus will pass in front of the sun . it will b a small dot , if u happen to look at the sun .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant believe i may have seen the play of the year in the preseason ! jeremy evans just put turiaf in his place ! #slamdunkchampion #sctopten
id1	id2	neutral	None	it is official the nasdaq market will be open in wednesday
id1	id2	negative	None	about as much interest in today as i do in the rugby world cup . #zero
id1	id2	positive	None	david letterman had an interesting show on monday . he is located in new york city . because of the hurricane he ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER mines personal thinking tebow is better then flacco . i dont care how bad he played sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER just added to the june 15th show at rex theatre ! @USER live !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i get the number 11 on a wednesday and the st davids school bus on a thursday because it drops off at air bus xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	muchoforex new post - utilities stocks , including kinder morgan , making big moves on august 17 ... read it now at URL
id1	id2	positive	None	jett lounge thursday night !!! its gonna be hot !!! come party with me and kenny smoove he is one of the hottest producers and many more !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im so excited because you are coming to mexico city in october ! i love you follow me please #nsn
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ayup ! hope alls okay . were heading chesters on sat if you guys are free and fancy meeting for some lunch ? no probs ...
id1	id2	negative	None	60 mile cycle ride today . been sat on that seat for so long my arse feels like its been spiked with rohypnol by a redneck #ouch
id1	id2	neutral	None	me & amanda going to new orleans in february for mardis gras <333
id1	id2	neutral	None	the india rich list edition will be available in mumbai from today . other cities can get it tomorrow onward . it remains on stands till dec 31
id1	id2	neutral	None	breaking .. apparently jeremy kyle is set to star in the 7th star wars film by disney . hes going to try and find lukes real father .
id1	id2	neutral	None	knicks vs . hawks : atlanta , new york battle for playoff positioning ... : the knicks and the hawks battle sunday a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i copped the new straightstuntin today last issue ... dayum !!! detroit models you know who to come to when u want to be seen the right way !
id1	id2	positive	None	later start this morning - off to get the stitch removed from my arm , then up into cumbria we go and scotland tomorrow ! #lejog go go go !
id1	id2	neutral	None	wow . rt @USER wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing .
id1	id2	positive	None	sat at work and i have the will ferrell boxset with me ... might put a film on or have a power nap or sit here doing nothing ; that sounds good
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember to all my basketball people here nba league pass has a free trial from now to the 8th of november
id1	id2	positive	None	summer school tomorrow , and ying is all hyped up , no sleep tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow m . united vs chelsea do you believe mufc will win again ? yes = like . no = comment ( tok )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning irene :) i love the tiger photies so much ! do you own them ?
id1	id2	negative	None	it official , i will not be flying to raleigh , nc tomorrow . im saddened . i pray my uppc family has an awesome time in the lord . #praying
id1	id2	neutral	None	someones hitman sure you are . you may be a hitman but dude , you just got pwned by cupid cos he hit you real hard , man .
id1	id2	negative	None	mtn is acting like a bitch , eskom e tsere mabone . mxm it really is a monday hey
id1	id2	neutral	None	when eraserheads , francis m . and rivermaya are in the same stage | the apr blog URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	inbetweeners top ten moments tonight :d followed by their road trip . good night of t.v ahead !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait to see you guys tomorrow sa gt at sm bacolod ! :))
id1	id2	neutral	None	our business clubs networking dinner with eskoms cfo paul oflaherty is on 29 october . book with lisa 0118704263 pic.twitter.com/djl5dvku
id1	id2	neutral	None	hold up !! i cant make plans for tomorrow .. tomorrow its game time .. 3:30 pm >.> knicks vs heat ..
id1	id2	positive	None	someday ill have a party and that partyll be named angelos 18th yes after 2 more years . i just turned sixteen and im a college student
id1	id2	neutral	None	thought i would try the black glasses look ... i may need the malcolm x joints tho URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	born in july with the same life path as mick jagger .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER get @USER on february for valentines day , the suave fuckers
id1	id2	neutral	None	black friday huge saving aerial view of a city , paris las vegas , the las vegas strip , las vegas ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i think they did in 10/11 when tv5 was out . certainly played at home v barcelona , hard to believe its the same pair as on tuesday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	54 ) a bro is required to go out with his bros on st. paddys day and other bro holidays like halloween nye and desperation day feb 13th
id1	id2	positive	None	mr gary barlow you look hot on x factor tonight :)
id1	id2	positive	None	right , the 2nd tweet is better , but im at harold washington ... @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	australian directioners ! up all night tour dvd will be posted tomorrow , you guys should be getting them some time on friday or so .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is an official news that nash and thorton will play in davos ? are they going to play on 29th match ? can i buy tickets from italy ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ( hes got quite the backup ! ) george harrison playing here comes the sun : URL via @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	ron jaworski said #12 is the 4th best rookie qb from this rookie class #wth #wtf jaws is an idiot @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st journey to the center of the earth , 2nd journey to the mysterious island , and the 3rd ??? journey from the earth to the moon :))
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i like to think of her as a goat whos parents were brother and sister . alcoholic brother and sister .
id1	id2	negative	None	centre suffering from policy paralysis , alleges jayalalithaa : jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa go ... URL #news
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER guess what im working in the day on 17th meaning you can come over so we can be excited aaand we can go see inbetweeners !
id1	id2	neutral	None	police surgery fri for #penygraig residents at the boys&girls club 9am 11am , pop along and meet your local officer URL #md
id1	id2	neutral	None	the two lukes ( austen and dickens ) playing at nelson bay diggers club this friday 2/11 . go check em out if you live in the area ..
id1	id2	negative	None	damn , someone saved holder from the earthquake ! technically dont know why w/biden out & obama always out boehner is 3rd in line !
id1	id2	neutral	None	siapa duduk putrajaya and can pick me up at the airport this friday ? kite belanje minyak masak !
id1	id2	neutral	None	perry : but morgan state scored a touchdown at the top of the 4th quarter , cutting howards lead to 21-14 w/ 11 minutes left in the game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we have a similar circumstance in australia . jan 25 is australia day & many first peoples call it invasion day .
id1	id2	positive	None	melissa mccarthy and margo martindale ! congrats ! any other mms tonight ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cav ! see you tomorrow sa sm sta . rosa !! : **
id1	id2	positive	None	colts game tomorrow with drew budd !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER november 10 & 11 . opening/closing show tix are $25 through ticketek . for the other shows its just a gold coin on the day :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember to rsvp for our free writers workshop next thursday with rosanne bane . rosanne is a creativity coach & ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	foothill vs . laguna hills is @USER game of the week . it airs friday 11:30 pm saturday 1 and 8 pm sunday 1 and 7 pm 9/17 8 pm 9/18 8 pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	devon alexanders trainer says he will destroy randall bailey on september 8 and then seek a showdown with p4p ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	cmon ... dont play with the winans !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	wabasha got into the silica-sand brouhaha tuesday in hearing on cup for a sand loading site . the sand question will be with us for years .
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is the anniversary of dr. seusss death and tomorrow is silversteins birthday ... so we should all only tweet in rhyme
id1	id2	positive	None	the hottest open mic is teaming up with the hottest organization in tallahassee . you dont want to be left out . join us next friday 10pm !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wait i think i know who it is . i may be wrong but i swear in an interview one of you said youd like to sing a stan walker song
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in brownsville on the 18th floor of the project building stay dry my nigga
id1	id2	positive	None	love this song ! one of my favorites for sure . cant wait to see you tomorrow at the roxy ! @USER URL
id1	id2	negative	None	st david please just cancel school tomorrow . i really dont feel like dying in a hurricane ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER update me on shores when u get the chance . btw- i finished 5th in japan open weight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER please help ! love my holster bought feb 12 at wppi but its frayed in many places . urgent need for help b4 oct 27 wedding ta
id1	id2	positive	None	loveiseunhaehyuk : oct 28 , 2012 eunhae @USER to nanjing ~ geez were they glued at the hip the whole time (-_- ? ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jean dujardin may join the unlikely duo of leo dicaprio and jonah hill in the wolf of wall street . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	historic canoe journey to protect the salish sea and stand against kinder morgans pipeline expansion project sept 1st URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you get a full , par t-t ime job or internship offer ? let us know ! signing day tomorrow in lbjsc amphitheater-tell where you will work !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day awkward cuz its def not february 14th in the u . s ...
id1	id2	positive	None	good night out with the boys , party bus down town tomorrow n osu saturday #cantwait
id1	id2	neutral	None	well , a few news : gonna be at phils studio with nachtgeschrei in january to record my first album with the guys ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	people & power travels to egypt to see how the april 6th activists have been faring since mohamed morsis election .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im with you on mass effect 3 . thats goty for me so far . still waiting on my other two , but one may be persona 4 arena .
id1	id2	positive	None	the score may have been 38-26 , but aaron rodgers kept right up statistically with favre . damn . #skolvikings
id1	id2	neutral	None	at chayas on tuesday me courtney callum and carl all cabbaged on the couch to sleep and courtney had a spasm cos she dreamt that shed fell
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont think my plans for tomorrow are smart considering i have sats the next day , well yolo
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wins the fourth set 25-21 to take the match 3-1 ! next match is sunday against georgetown at 2 p.m. at gampel .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my dad reckons if this was in nigeria the president would have issued a shoot on sight order since saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	indie bands family of the year and white arrows at space 301 this wednesday - check out some new music : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER o_o well , ( un)fortunately , youll prob need at least one of those if you come to london in late oct .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	my article preview : anderson silva vs . yushin okami . #ufc134 rio . give it a read before the fights tonight . #mma URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER endymion is now rocking the charts , what nexts ? cmon tell us something
id1	id2	positive	None	family guy on netflix , i think im sleeping downstairs tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	aston villa midfielder karim el ahmadi will miss saturdays trip to sunderland through suspension following his fifth booking of the season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this saturday come hang out with buran theatre on cinco de mayo as we drink up , tell stories and prep destructo ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	world bank to lend to burma for the 1st time in 25 years - bbc news #burma URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	how do you expect me to cope ? how do you expect me to deal ? i make it numb so i cant feel .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER obamas goal is to lead us into 3rd world status , so youre absolutely right , obama doesnt care
id1	id2	negative	None	diet starts tomorrow .. too bad im too jam packed busy to go to the gym
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER im waiting for love rains 11th episode in eng sub :)) the modern cast are so great !
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday night : eating donuts , drinking a slushie & watching sons of anarchy sans pants . living the dream , people . just living the dream .
id1	id2	positive	None	sox beat the yankees tonight , great day to move from ny to boston
id1	id2	positive	None	ponting may make history fir australian cricket : < p > &nbsp ;</ p > < p > ricky ponting could break steve waugh&nbsp ;s re ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah i no but on the bright side i just got a letter from boise state yesterday :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	more information on the new comme des garcons fragrance being launched at church next wednesday ( 17th of august ): URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER any odds on louis saha to score the winner in the derby on sunday ? @USER #backtohauntthescum #bagger
id1	id2	positive	None	still on army duty in alabama but thinking about how lucky i am . @USER married me 8yrs ago today .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER its republic day in turkey . like 4th july in usa .
id1	id2	positive	None	i think i may have a heart attack for jason wus new collection . so charlotte rampling in the night URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its now or never , ita now or never ! that is why he is the best of his kind . may not play for us but hats off to ray lewis 52 #thegreatest
id1	id2	positive	None	is about to go see the help !! cant wait for final destination 5 on friday !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER eonni !!! please win the mama award for ost ! fighting ! and take care , i want to see you on jan 19 ... an ordinary fan from somewhere !
id1	id2	neutral	None	photos : rihanna crowned carnaval queen : pop superstar visited the greystone manor supperclub wednesday night and was ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	is taco tuesday , see you at el rodeo de pico rivera this friday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	media going mad for anderson silva in rio and its only wednesday , saturday is gonna be epic @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER for inbetweeners movie next wednesday , going for the 8pm showing at cineworld in town , everyone to book their own tix :)
id1	id2	positive	None	rum chata hot chocolate , thin mints , and netflix . this is how you do saturday night . pic.twitter.com/wnn1lv3r
id1	id2	neutral	None	oct 30 its goin down at the congress theater i will be performing along wit machine gun kelly !!! pic.twitter.com/zjoldy7p
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER make sure you & the girls watch seasons 1-5 of #dexter , before season 6 premieres oct 2 . seasons 1 & 4 are the best !
id1	id2	positive	None	been w/ @USER romo , & taylor for the last 3 days ! hopefully seeing @USER and @USER and then goin home w/her today heh
id1	id2	positive	None	jgh from spc with yfc 3rd years . masaya na nakakalungkot . i hope for our change guys . #yfcpublishingisulong
id1	id2	neutral	None	first friday tonight yall come out to club bodi
id1	id2	positive	None	support emerging scholars tomorrow at 12 noon for the annual kickball tournament .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER boo ! well , carmel is a nice 2nd to mass . will you @USER b dtown carmel ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you know unlv and ucla are playing saturday ? so are texas and gonzaga . secret scrimmages part deux from @USER URL
id1	id2	negative	None	dont get me on the topic of andrew breitbart again . i cried like a child last saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	films at the pratt : ghost rider : spirit of vengeance , free screening , sat , aug 4 , 1pm , southeast anchor URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	urban outfitters . 10% off with college id til sunday night . ( doesnt matter how old it is ) . i hope someone brings their id from ages ago .
id1	id2	positive	None	lovely meal with the fam #yumyum day four at #openchampionship tomorrow come on harris english
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER some thursdays i have clinical till 10 but we always get out early ! & same here , this semesters killing me !
id1	id2	neutral	None	lightweight might go to the royal rumble in phoenix in january
id1	id2	neutral	None	i now want to ride my bike with here come the sun by george harrison playing in the background and my hair flowing behind me . #fun
id1	id2	neutral	None	cheetahs rage over currie cup crisis URL the cheetahs can blame saru , who agreed to extend super rugby .
id1	id2	negative	None	dtn usa : charlie sheens winning ways get roasted : he may have looked like he was winning , but actor c ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is halloween ... trending ? thankyou for the obvious lmfao
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like apples rumored thanksgiving product launch is the steve jobs biography , not a new ipad URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well i figured out that you have to get on the computer to make a league . the boys will have to help us tomorrow ! hahaha
id1	id2	negative	None	i think i may have spent too much on carmelo anthony . i only hope that his thick-framed black glasses will console me in the post-season .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER going to the holy land ( canada ) tomorrow . if im lucky , ill meet some of the degrassi gang . well , in my dreams :p .
id1	id2	neutral	None	find us at arrington this saturday 11/3 at 5pm ... bring a picnic ... a blanket ... and cozy up with some wine and jazz URL
id1	id2	negative	None	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life URL
id1	id2	negative	None	spot price on 14kt gold is $49.08 dwt in tampa bay today - crazy that gold is over $1800/ounce - remember when the real price was $300.00 ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes , it is . over the summer , danny mcbride confirmed eastbound & down was renewed for a 4th season . no word on a premiere date yet
id1	id2	positive	None	come spend halloween with us at volare ! the robbie bartlett trio will be here for your enjoyment ! wednesday is ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER bring italy movie called tomorrow back on sbs , about 1997 earthquake film .
id1	id2	negative	None	frank gaffney is not insane . he may not even be a true hater . he is a bigot for pay , just like steve emerson . hate is their racket .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER quieter . my sis , brother in law and habibti are going back to ireland this afternoon ;/ tennis doubles sounds fun ! enjoy ! #juice !
id1	id2	positive	None	ive seen every denzel washington movie and flight has @USER in it too ! i miss that kid ! but im in that theatre tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	want to see the all-star game tomorrow #suffolk
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER //played the 1st , never played the 2nd or other ac games , bought mass effect 3 , now waiting for halo 4 . idk if ill ever play ac3
id1	id2	neutral	None	george clooney is ( distantly ) related to abraham lincoln : URL finds a connection between the movie star and our 16th ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	september 6 d&g will be four in the international city of _new york fashion week_ , paris , london , milan , and the two ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wonder how the 1st day of school is going to be at berkmar , lmao
id1	id2	neutral	None	now that droid bionic is finally official for 9/8 , ill just wait til oct so i have something to compare it to . vigor or prime maybe ?
id1	id2	positive	None	um i just learned that sunday is national chocolate day . im totally taking advantage of that .
id1	id2	negative	None	anyway , sorry for these random tweets about the finder . unfollow for the night . ill be back to normal sports stuff tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight i dreamed of being in orleans with the bus lines of milan , and the ipercoop of piazza lodi instead of the carrefour of place darc .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sitting on my luggage and smelling jerusalem , click like if you hope to visit israel soon . december tour ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nokia n9 will not launch in the united states : nokia confirmed on tuesday that its flagship meego-powered n9 sma ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we need to think about cyber security and space ? cmon obama , capt . picard has at least one of those on lock . #debate
id1	id2	positive	None	kinder morgan ( kmi ) said friday it agrees to pay $110m to settle investors lawsuits related to its ac ... URL $kmi
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER your taking your time , your josh has already blossomed into a filthy rich young man .. he payed me taxi on saturday #someguy
id1	id2	positive	None	russell howard , then cuckoo , then celebrity juice , then family guy , thursday night is the best night for comedy
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 2 fa cup sfs carling cup final lost on pens he may not have been a true leader but he certainly took us places we aint been .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER mommy says she can print it small & put it right on october 31 . how is lily doing ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	well thats it , the very last one . that may stop you . - the lorax
id1	id2	neutral	None	sky picture of the day ! #sky #clouds #nature #outside #sun #day #nofilter #instagood URL
id1	id2	negative	None	3rd and goal at the 1 and rivers throws a int . terrible pass by rivers . bad decisions cost u games . geez half time sd 10-3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER no not yet , going taiwan soon for training then passing out december 21st . looking forward to not being a recruit/trainee ha
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hell be the eli manning of the nba , they r both 2 of the best 4th quarter players in their sports #closer #killerinstinct #splapa
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER quote of the night- if i were amarosa i would go to brooklyn bridge and be drowning myself #funny
id1	id2	positive	None	hear keynote speaker doug wead this saturday , june 16th at e2 the event . dont miss it ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i have the same birthday as both anderson cooper and nadal . june 3rd is an awesome day i guess !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in greenville ? dang boy ! if you still in greenville tomorrow , you better stop by and see me !
id1	id2	neutral	None	before he was dr. seuss theodor seuss geisel was an ad guy : URL what was your 1st job ? URL #myfirstjob
id1	id2	negative	None	i wish i was in bolton tonight :(
id1	id2	positive	None	tickets for troy on stub hub for $12 . sad but if you have a youngin , saturday would be a great day to take them
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cool ! yah , lots of stuff going on that night with nuit blanche as well ! its going to be fun ! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER awww i miss you girls too !! and yes tomorrow night ill see you at young life ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	new live sound webinar tomorrow at 10 pst with paul david hager ( goo goo dolls , avril lavigne , devo ) - register now at URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im in petrolia . the suns out , isnt that bright enough for you ? :p
id1	id2	positive	None	had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting . she is such a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER hip hip hooray , meet you in nevada tomorrow so we can prepare .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you may have a few extra followers from glasgow scotland tonight . we all agree max would make a better gf than the blonde girl
id1	id2	neutral	None	marvels phase two kicks off with iron man 3 trailer on october 23rd URL #featured #hype #movienews
id1	id2	neutral	None	art on the town friday november 2 : 6 brand new locations !
id1	id2	positive	None	ill be rooting for penn state tomorrow ... even tho they murdered joe pa for something he didnt do ! the new coach & kids deserve that
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sarah g . day is now on its 4th consecutive day on the top spot . :))
id1	id2	positive	None	buzzing for the game against derby at white hart lane next saturday . #pufc #utp
id1	id2	neutral	None	today , wisconsins last two recall elections will be held . @USER looks at the candidates in kenoshas race . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	also back to school special celebrity juice on itv2 tonight ! oushhh
id1	id2	neutral	None	numerous treatment innovations presented at the hands on workshop on #venous disease , tomorrow until nov 3 in #cyprus URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	word rt @USER smh rt @USER <=== broncos fan for the night ! i hope tony romo gets sacked at least 15 times . #thatisall
id1	id2	neutral	None	the ravens release their first injury report of the week on wednesday . sounds like it will be loaded with names : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching directors cut of alien . maybe it will give us some ideas for merlin tomorrow . :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	hore ! rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
id1	id2	neutral	None	2012 nfl week 9 odds : the ravens a slight favorite on the road against the browns on sunday afternoon . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	have to say i think jason & taylor may have been robbed by the married duo tonight of blake & miranda ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you staying up to watch paris-nice stage tonight ? should be exciting !
id1	id2	positive	None	last night i had a dream that i made it to the vmas , & i was on 106&park talking about my album coming out . time to make it all a reality .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey @USER feel like coming to edmonton on the 11th with your tour buddies @USER #wouldntmind #summerjam
id1	id2	positive	None	chasing the northern lights by alan tan . nice article and photo in yest straits times - 30 oct page c9 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER plz , transfer money in tomorrow !!. because we want to success before sm town in bkk . we have a big project for minseok ^^
id1	id2	negative	None	im not gon believe that victor cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside , no slot , and doesnt disappear like he did sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	beautiful flat meal cooked by the lovely @USER topped off nicely with half a tub of ben and jerrys . diet starts tomorrow ! #fatties
id1	id2	neutral	None	free showing of the lorax this friday night after trunk or treat at j.p. riddle stadium . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good old trade union rep father is going to ring up from italy tonight to coach me in what to say/do tomorrow at work :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER was playing temple run earlier , was thinkin of you and i in 6th year xo
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh cmon . theres like two whole weeks between the superbowl and the daytona 500 . thats all the quality time i have to offer .
id1	id2	negative	None	post of the night : anonymous ( id : excv6jkr ) 11/02/12(fri) 00:52:39 no . 434329650 this thread is like watching a monkey fuck a coconut
id1	id2	positive	None	im so glad the vampire diaries won an award last night . loves them all :) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lots of fun this weekend . were at the mardis gras casino friday night from 8 to midnight . then on sunday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what should tomorrow nights #kandikoatednight topic be ??? -- how im going to get on kandi factory !
id1	id2	neutral	None	kinder morgan , chevron , & shell : natural gas m&a of the day : chevron corporation ( nyse : cvx ) places 2nd , only toe ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	perfect pairing . the singapore slingers plus the white ghost shivers august 31 . tix URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	egypts morsi gets red carpet welcome in iran : tehran , aug 29 : egypts mohamed morsi is in iran for the first visit ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	how is vh1 gonna play friday after next and i still havnt watched the first one yet ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you need to go in february during mardis gras week . no crowds , beautiful weather !
id1	id2	neutral	None	how to catch a star will be captivating children this friday at stantonbury campus . 2.30 show . see you all there
id1	id2	neutral	None	just delivered a speech on iebc preparedness for the march election at icj conference at mombasa continental
id1	id2	neutral	None	bloemfontein celtic and orlando pirates will contest the last spot in the semi-finals when they meet on sunday 04 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#trayvon my daily tweet ( 9-09 ) in memory of trayvon martin- killed 197 days ago . ~ may you rest in peace ~ ( praying and hoping for the family )
id1	id2	neutral	None	is anyone going to h&m tomorrow for the fashion against aids collection ?
id1	id2	positive	None	l . a tomorrow going to my favorite pizza parlor on fairfax :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like indonesia will face the pats in the semis . warriors lead the singapore slingers , 77-67 , with over 6 mins left in the 4th
id1	id2	positive	None	the best thing about walking dead returning is it means spartacus will be back soon too ! ( dammit , starz site says january )
id1	id2	neutral	None	off to bed with sexy mr man , tomorrow morning watch out galveston here we come just made 100 jello shots
id1	id2	positive	None	i cannot wait until college football ! sept 14th , flying down with my brother to the florida v tennessee game , its gonna be titss
id1	id2	neutral	None	ritchie becomes father for the 3rd time : while madonna was busy promoting her upcoming movie w.e. in venic ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	girls gone wild gon be at my school thursday shit gon be crazzzyy make sure i be my ass on campus lol #npu
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER and he hasnt lost a match since apr 2nd last year , thats consistent , and never forgetting cannavaro , the 1st defender to win it
id1	id2	positive	None	huge thanks to those of you who came out to my photography workshops today at terra nova !
id1	id2	neutral	None	kinder morgan to divest assets to close el paso deal - kinder morgan energy partners lp ( nyse : kmp ) said monday it h ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER jenelle lies , 1st she said she was alone & the hosp . now shes saying how weird it was for keiffers
id1	id2	positive	None	seriously waiting for tomorrows ep of true blood tomorrow . shits about to get real .
id1	id2	positive	None	bel ami you are one strange movie , but i like you and i must keep watching ... i may have to read the book .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER oiler fans are unhappy with , 45 points each season , gagner as their 2nd line c . habs fans should hate 28 point eller as a 2c .
id1	id2	positive	None	right guys , last competition of the night ... like this status for a chance to win a copy of judas priests 30th ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day of istep tomorrow . #tg #overit
id1	id2	neutral	None	commentary : is chris brown the victim of a double standard ? : hosting the independent spirit awards in february , ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	13 may 2012 begins my run of teaching happiest baby on the block at arnold rec center . pregnant moms & dads ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	l !! where is terrance he need to cme back to the bluff shouldve stayed with him wednesday instead of going to turner house !! :))
id1	id2	positive	None	all set for an amazing day tomorrow as i present to the church what happened in ireland ! hopefully it goes smoothly !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks for the kind words dude :) , see you in december and on soundwave .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i watched the half already and i have to say till now i like him ... xd im sorry xd .. yeah at least she killed them .. strange^^
id1	id2	positive	None	watched gandhi with gaurika today . was so nice answering her 100 questions . we should have some new age patriotic movies though ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER monday is the tournament . weight class negros . #whoboutit
id1	id2	neutral	None	sarah g . day last sunday !! monday !! tuesday !! wednesday !! & xempre ngaung thursday !! kip it up poptsers !! <3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it just started last night . meryl streeps daughter is the main character ( ie meredith ) 1st episode was quite good .
id1	id2	positive	None	#pirategang @USER rex theatre tomorrow doors open at 5pm . come show your support if you fuck with real music !! #gang
id1	id2	positive	None	im enjoying celebrity juice instead of sleep , going to be fooked tomorrow though
id1	id2	positive	None	well the cool thing with democrats in power , doma is getting reviewed on the 20th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ill be in the valley for a meeting tomorrow at 11 . anyone wanna quick catchup before or after ?
id1	id2	positive	None	1d have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor ! pic.twitter.com/wsuhzygf ( via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER just whip it baby , whip it all night ( welcome to soul train fandom ; may you never leave )
id1	id2	positive	None	cool !!! theres a criminal minds season 3 marathon on , and tomorrow its a castle season 3 one . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	final reports : ravens vs . steelers : tomorrow at 1pm , the regular season begins for the steelers when they face o ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	actually the only things that survive would be cockroaches , twinkees and keith richards . happy friday ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cmon lovatics , beliebers , directioners , swifties , barbz .. everybody ! please treat others as you want others to be against you ! #demitofrance
id1	id2	negative	None	i still didnt watch degrassi from friday ? what am i doing with my life ? apparently not much .
id1	id2	neutral	None	after the 9th of november , ill be partying like the teenagers in project x .
id1	id2	negative	None	alan pardew apparently compared colocinni to bobby moore . i may fucking shoot the prick for that blasphemy . #nufc #wufc .
id1	id2	positive	None	cowboys and jets on one channel , family guy spoof of return of the jedi on another ... its a good night for tv !
id1	id2	neutral	None	express front line with kamran shahid international day of #women 05 march 2012 #pakistan #mqm #womenpk
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks , dave ! great show tonight . sorry , craig . ive got to get to bed . ill catch you tomorrow . @USER david letterman
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im from south africa and will be leaving the states on the 5th of nov , really wanna see jb !!! life would be perfect then !
id1	id2	neutral	None	galaxy foams painting sneak peak . finishing in the morning . vid tomorrow night ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos appearing at the houston livestock show and rodeo come march ? that is , other than george strait ?... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	may have a man crush on ace ! like how is someone just naturally tht sweet ! #hehasfourbrot @USER tavern URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey pamela ! off to oslo tomorrow then canada after that ! we will get that drink one day !
id1	id2	positive	None	i just remembered niggas in paris is a song . delighted ! what a saturday ! #positivetroll
id1	id2	neutral	None	mass tomorrow then retreat friday with da homie @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	a little tid bit of info about a local band , beitthemeans , who will be playing here nov 23 with capt . stabb tuggo ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER moilys got amazing timing -- hiking lpg price just before himachal polls on sunday . guaranteed vote loser even they fed up
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER haha . <3 cant wait for bl2 , and gears3 remains excellent . hope you both enjoy me3 ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to roger sanchez at factory in toronto , canada - dec 7 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	hey #gop , no matter how you slam obama , you own our credit rating downgrade . it is all your fault , & well remind you in nov 2012 #p2 #tcot
id1	id2	positive	None	im really pleased with your concert in mexico on october 1 and of course ill be there ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	shoutout to all the boyfriends that treat they girl like everyday is valentine day instead just on feb 14 .. if so i salute chaa ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	next sunday , the 15th , were having our 2nd comic book swap meet at the apothecarium ! comics , games , movies , more #comicswapmeet
id1	id2	negative	None	new : listen to our monday morning interview with cliff avril : tough loss to the titans ... // < ! [cdata [ limeligh ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yay tomorrow ill be going to putrajaya for a walk . woweee .
id1	id2	negative	None	the 4th album is on its way and we didnt even get a tour for unbroken ... :( #australiawantsdemi - starting to think @USER isnt coming
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im so excited for the magic game this friday . we play denver so dont un-follow me
id1	id2	neutral	None	you work ? rt @USER going to walk the brooklyn bridge today
id1	id2	neutral	None	guess who paid for an nba league pass & guess whos watching his team lose for the 2nd night in a row ... fml !
id1	id2	neutral	None	my car ride to school tomorrow >>> #mexicans <3 @USER @USER and estella :) im the only white girl
id1	id2	negative	None	semi-finals tomorrow are going to be gay ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	read my response to green day - last night on earth or last of the american girls ? : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on october 19th , the new judge in the george zimmerman trial , ruled that trayvon social media interactions would ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	today is my birthday , the anniversary of the death of elvis presley and the birthday of madonna , i wonder if ill be famous ... i = no talent |=
id1	id2	negative	None	i keep thinking about the fact that mmg will be in lexington on saturday and i wont be there :(((
id1	id2	neutral	None	good by @USER quickly punched out ! rt @USER tippett saga turning more than 5th day wicket at the adelaide oval : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	anybody want 2 tickets to jack white tomorrow at ally pally ? stuck in matlock , cant make it . contact me !
id1	id2	positive	None	just been to @USER with @USER for 1st time since blake . walked reggie & anna , 2 really sweet dogs .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER have trina call me when you get there , im tryna go by there tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	good day today :) #blessed now watching @USER on comedy central !!! lol love him !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	bayer leverkusen are winning 1-0 at bayern munich - the apocalypse starts tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	opening night warriors vs . suns : second half game thread : 0:00 remaining in the 2nd 1 2 3 4 total golden st. .. URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	my mom call and say that a teacher called and said that im going to ritz carlton tomorrow for some tennis shit . anyone else going ? ( school )
id1	id2	neutral	None	% of joe pa masks at penn state sat ? or will psu by allow then in the stadium ? is it bad to wear it ? @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER everybody thought that @USER was on stage last night i wonder when hes actually comming to detroit
id1	id2	negative	None	watching the #49ers game from sunday night and i see why cliff avril was throwing fits . he was getting his butt kicked all night
id1	id2	positive	None	#nw kung fu panda 2 . dnt judge me , i like animated movies ( plus the 1st one was the shit ) .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so xhosa & zulu guys apply morvite in their face when its hot to avoid sun burn :/
id1	id2	positive	None	really looking forward to watching tony romo run for his life tonight ! @USER @USER @USER coming with it . #orangecrush
id1	id2	negative	None	niggas be on the lakers dick ... we still gon finish damn near first seed ... while yo team be struggling for the 8th spot
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch out for @USER together with divine , deniesse and the big4 at the pacific mall legazpi landco plaza on april 30 , 6pm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	andres wigan warning - #coys official site wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER or do you want to wait for tomorrow so vanessa can hang too ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	why verizons 4g limits may be the droid bionics achilles heel - gotta be mobile #verizon #phone
id1	id2	neutral	None	if anyone at rchs wants their picture in the yearbook of them just hanging out with friends message me before friday !!! #indesperateneed
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 1 all with sporting braga yesterday . nzogbia scored . bannan and ireland played really well . warnock looking up for it too .
id1	id2	positive	None	aquino on enriles memoirs : may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people
id1	id2	negative	None	count day tomorrow shouldnt even go ! winans is crazy -_-
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so many ! up all night , terra nova , person of interest , american horror story - hot damn , its gonna be a good year .
id1	id2	negative	None	the lorax is one of the stupidest animated movies ive ever sat through . i wasted a nap for this ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	people are going to think im a devil tomorrow , but no im actually meryl streep in the devil wears prada duh
id1	id2	neutral	None	mommys bday is the 17th ... not sure what to get her yet
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the kandi factory with viggle mon | 3:30 pm | bravo hd get real rewards just for watching tv . #thekandifactory #viggle
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday is the last day to early vote in maryland . im4q6 . please join me and vote for question 6 . #votefor6
id1	id2	positive	None	seeing #thehelp tonight ... yippee and checking out #hothouse on church with @USER :)
id1	id2	positive	None	thats a beautiful dream ! rt @USER i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	took and hour to vote ... first day of early voting .. please try not to wait until super tuesday #earlyvoting
id1	id2	neutral	None	i remember when i was at cadet camp once(aye , wat u sayin ) and we were watching a video and kasabian came on and i just sat singing
id1	id2	positive	None	hope everyone made it to the uc in time to see the bulls raise their 21st straight financial champs banner . a true dynasty , we have .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to healthy kids day : cover the kids ... at boys & girls club - teichert branch on sat , nov 3 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	anyone who talks shit about the lakers tomorrow at school and i will make sure i hit u as hard as i possibly can
id1	id2	neutral	None	#cmst393 heres an article about anonymous , which is choosing now to distance itself from wikileaks URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so kendrick lamar 1st week projected sales iz 242k . thats wassup for an artist different from the norm to do those kind of numbers .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER real shit ray allen meeting with the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	they may not be the best looking of preds but they sure are comfy and snug !! worth it plus swag colours ! pic.twitter.com/fiyvxqob
id1	id2	positive	None	church tonight with the bestfriends ! #winning <3
id1	id2	positive	None	buzzing for the game tomorrow , gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards ! bring on aston villa ! #stfc
id1	id2	negative	None	tragedy struck and collided in my sports world today , as mikel leshoure blew his achilles . was on the lions and my fantasy team . #noonecares
id1	id2	positive	None	since im a redneck im gonna pull up to the heritage game friday blaring some hank williams with my cowboy hat and blue jeans #yeahbuddy
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER dublin this saturday ... gotta get on the guinness !!
id1	id2	positive	None	hey everyone ! whos excited for cosplay casino night tomorrow ?! its in the center for social justice , at our ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tons of hw tomorrow , lunch date with joey , back to hw , then magic mike with ash&co . before bed :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want to go watch denzels new movie tomorrow ! someone take meee .
id1	id2	positive	None	tracking texas a&m football players in the 2012 nfl draft : texas a&m may have the biggest surprise of the 2012 n ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hope you are fit for sunday , 3pts against arsenal , better than watching the carling cup final
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER big thanks i might do that tomorrow and you too @USER better than hayley and zachary cuz they have no patient lol !! :d
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you ! i will see you tomorrow for more uncharted banging and tomb raider talk :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	club remix next saturday night allstar will be in the building @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	in her session at the 11th international cloud expo , lauren cotugno , distinguished technologist , cloud consultin ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	as im watching candyman i realize that its it not scary at all ! kinda funny or it may b the liquor either way im laffin
id1	id2	neutral	None	cba for tomorrow just want tomorrow night and saturday night
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going tuesday to the house of blues to see a$ap rocky
id1	id2	positive	None	jerzy boy janowicz over murray ! what is going on in paris ?! well have a new masters 1000 winner . no big 4 past the 3rd round .
id1	id2	neutral	None	james murphy may produce the next arcade fire album : URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER imma check it out then wait till the carter iv drop on the 29th before i make a decision like that one lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	nfl rumors : tennessee titans must make strong bid for jerricho cotchery : last thursday the new york jets let go ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	=) @USER i get lovestruck with deniesse and slater . swear . they look cute . plus i can relate to deniesse pacute to her crush , slater
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday afternoon with amy lee on amfm till 4pm . when i hand over to hit 40 uk with mark james .
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday night concert in the park ! eagles cover band , pretty good ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im spending my hole friday wit bo we gone blow sme keisha nd grab a pack of blacks nd watch the battle of lebron career vs . carmelo anthony
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER and i now have 2 things in common . love the red sox and think bachmann is a joke .. too bad he loves bama . there could ve been a 3rd
id1	id2	neutral	None	app status changed to in review on a sunday ? do they always work 7 days or is it pre-holiday crunch time in cupertino ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i can wear a black dahlia murder shirt one day , and a sun dress the next xd
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you to all of our parents & guidance staff for our annual academic signing day on thursday ! ill post photos soon !
id1	id2	neutral	None	this saturday , cherry moon will burst with some raw beatzzz from the masters . you like it raw ??? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh hahaha they post it once everyday.so,dont worry theyll post hoyas pict tomorrow ~
id1	id2	positive	None	wrapping up a 14 hour day in huntsville . love watching the labs and my students work . cant wait for more tomorrow . woohoo ! #thealienlife
id1	id2	neutral	None	but ohhh come december 6th im smokin to the whole kush x oj nd taylor allderdice just like old days
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER cian an .. huhuhu ... mybe tomorrow going to putrajaya ..
id1	id2	positive	None	cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack . time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow ! haha #insidejoke #sleep #goodnight
id1	id2	neutral	None	george harrison wrote here comes the sun from the point of view of a suicidal vampire .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the sun : paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna . #legend
id1	id2	negative	None	pavol demitras agent confirms the ex canuck was one of 44 killed in a plane crash today in russia . so sad ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tonight ! come see me and the hottest gogo boys in dallas !! @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	barely going to sleep after watching #dexter all evening ! i love this show !
id1	id2	neutral	None	calm before the storm . i am ready !!! good girl , bad girl stage play tomorrow at fabc ! after this show , up next is , dont judge me .
id1	id2	positive	None	super tuesday is just a few days away , can the president make it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	every tweet i see tomorrow about jersey shore , im tweeting 10 times about the nfl season opener .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you get it boy ! hey , thanks for the champagne & nummies ... very much appreicated & glad you & laurin made it sunday .. thanks poof
id1	id2	neutral	None	camp notebook day 10 : the raiders took the field for their 10th practice of training camp and started to prepare for ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank youuu <3 wanna come over tomorrow after 5 or wanna wait for me at monroe with grace jurrel so we can get ~~~
id1	id2	negative	None	ok dongwoos fansite is not accepting new members right now ... need to register on the 11th
id1	id2	neutral	None	register now for the florida direct marketing associations nonprofit summit on august 18 ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the inbetweeners movie + cowboys and aliens are both out on mid-week release today . either of those luring you through our doors ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	sept 9-11th pcb florida 60$ a person due by aug 27th need 15 more people to fill the bus dm me
id1	id2	neutral	None	what are the fafsa and a pell grant ? | begin college : what are the fafsa and a pell grant ? october 26 , 2012 cate ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i spoke too soon . flight just cancelled . looks like im stranded in calgary . ill try again tomorrow am ! eek , i hope i make it #iycsask .
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great day today yay soxs beat yankees !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	so from what i understand from the mckew news ... it turns out gillard may have challenged rudd for the alp leadership ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	up next well be joined by sunderland striker louis saha as we continue to build up to #safc v #lfc at the stadium of light tomorrow evening
id1	id2	neutral	None	almost another warriors collapse in the 3rd , but they were able to pull through and get the w
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER hahahhah , yeah . hell burn the shyte ouuta you . truust me . & jacob . ima getchu tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i can stamp on friday its goin be endless people at the movies to see final destination 5
id1	id2	positive	None	after an almost 60-year career , lloyd robertson broadcasts his last @USER sept 1 , he joins us next
id1	id2	positive	None	celebrate the chinese new year in #shanghai ( around february ) and see a dragon dance during the spring festival ! amazing experience !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight on ctv news at 6 , ill have a conversation with lloyd robertson as he prepares to anchor ctv national news for the final time tmrw !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we have to be at mick jagger centre by 3 on sunday so can u still make it
id1	id2	positive	None	mcilroy keeps a steady hand during the honda classic second round | golf channel URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	joes will be off road on monday and tuesday due to the impending storm . stay safe and hope to see you wednesday at drexel !
id1	id2	positive	None	mizzou beats kentucky 2-1 ! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 p.m.
id1	id2	neutral	None	talk about the history of valentine day : every february 14 , across the united states and in other places around the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the prince is announcing something with oceans north canada & qia on thursday . he will also meet the premier , iqaluits mayor etc . #cbcnorth
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER we dont care about carling cup ! save it for #looserpool ! yeah we lose also i wont be crying all night long on wednesday night !
id1	id2	positive	None	very impressed with joco teenage republicans ! 16 teens showed up today , ready to #fight big government and obama ! #nobama
id1	id2	positive	None	im totally going to ace the sat !! #justkidding #iwish
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks brother . honestly speaking saw you 1st time with kamran shahid and felt that ik has made so many iks like u . keep gng
id1	id2	neutral	None	mizzou moves back the start time for their opener w/ siue on november 10th because of football . #siuenation URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yasss , deus ex is actually out 26th august . thats brightened up my day a bit :)
id1	id2	negative	None	this may be the sickest movie ever .. black forest now fairies ? #wow #iwantone
id1	id2	positive	None	maino had a great 1st album and beat niggas asses , thats the type of person we need in hip hop
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow , the jimmy donn eastbound & down pre-order begins . only 100 pre-orders will be available . and its a pretty sick combo pack !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just like clemson beat gt in the accc @USER touche again rt @USER @USER umm rutgers may very well have won that game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 7th & monroe is also only 2 blocks s , 1 block w of the metro exit on catholic side . follow mbt signs
id1	id2	positive	None	come walk with us tomorrow ! see you at lents park at 10 am for registration . looking forward to a big crowd and a sunny day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER playground x deadline ~ this saturday : meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy ... URL @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi matey appreciate you passing on my biz cards around work ! we have enough food until friday in the turner house !
id1	id2	neutral	None	man , i am going to change my vote based on axl roses opinion said no one ever . politico : cmon man URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nicki minaj flashes a nipple on good morning america , youlve gotta see it , afghan says so URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im going and actually meeting channing tatum tomorrow . its all set up . suck my dick twitter !
id1	id2	neutral	None	google+ hangout with : october 27th ! 2pm pacific / 5pm eastern via #askllcoolj #llcooljhangout URL #kpoptv #2pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER getting there slowly mate ! have you seen there are riots in london tonight ? i only just noticed myself and i am not even drunk
id1	id2	neutral	None	so if the premiership is called off on saturday who is for inbetweeners ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	hanging out with pip and estella on a rainy saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat + @USER studio session on wed
id1	id2	positive	None	delicious warm sun ... great to see you ( if only briefly ) after hurricane sandy whipped through here a couple hours ago .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER huum if youre hungry , come to tunisia we have delicious food here ! huum nialler always eat :o cmon !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER am just going to be hanging at my moms for the week . ross arrives the 26th and we go straight to vegas .
id1	id2	negative	None	r . i . p runako morton . sad day for west indies cricket .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jason wu with brizo the inspiration behind the ss2013 runway show URL #design #nyfw #mbfw #fashionweek #fashion
id1	id2	neutral	None	but whos tryna make that move to the berkmar game against brookwood , friday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	how great would it be if the power came back today but so many schools in fairfax country didnt have power so school was closed tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tom+lorenzo talk about the girls at elles women in hollywood celebration ! check out viola davis in raoul ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you see me tomorrow dont talk to me unless if you want to talk about whap , chinese , deca or trig #zombie #iwontbesocial
id1	id2	negative	None	lmfao , she gone die . all the niggas gone be at nca tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	my 1st ever male frnd in london just send me a ping !!! dat ping is so annoying , he is my 1st gud frnd bet why dis ping ??? angry much
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy 16th birthday rella . get drunk for me frl . enjoy your day & wish you many more !
id1	id2	positive	None	shating rt @USER celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2 . hurrraaah ! its a back to school special
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just another reminder of my request for you guys to sing kingdom come on thursday ... and safe and sound ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	how about one up here for hometown fans ?? rt @USER surprise green day show thursday august 11th , URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER knowing you are a red sox fan , who will win the rubber game tomorrow ? go yankees ! lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	playstation vita | a free-to-play rpg worth playing , landing on the vita in early 2013 picotto knights may be URL
id1	id2	positive	None	casually walking around the house singing , dancing and yelling robsten is unbroken yo ! october 15 2012 yo ! i think im gonna faint yo ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	eagles lead by 27 points going into 4th qtr ( iffy 50metre penalty to help tigers ) . tigers still with a sniff . #afleaglestigers
id1	id2	neutral	None	#nocomment @USER @USER @USER @USER so xhosa & zulu guys apply morvite on their faces when its hot to avoid sun burn :/
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER will there ever be a 3rd season of breakout kings ? fx should pick you guys up ! please tell me sumthin good !!! best show ever !
id1	id2	positive	None	15th august . the anthem still chokes me up . the flag still makes me proud . gandhi still looks over us . be happy & proud this independence day
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to celebrity juice tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	ok , so ive watched jersey shore today for the first time ever . cant say i believe the hype . but its comical .
id1	id2	negative	None	the only dirty bombs on sunday will be the ones launched by mark dirty sanchez and the jets as they pummel romos homos #terror #nyj #wtc
id1	id2	neutral	None	ferry corsten at space tonight ahhh think i may just have to go for one after work ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	all seniors will be recognized at fca tomorrow and the first 25 will get free chickfila coupons for free biscuits ! see yall there :)
id1	id2	negative	None	the biggest mistake lucas scott ever made wasnt almost marrying lindsay or moving in with dan , it was shaving his head in the 2nd season .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrows the day 2 fleebaggers get sent packing for good ! on wisconsin ! #tcot #teaparty #wiunion #wirecall #gop #tpx
id1	id2	positive	None	ima be up all night just to be one of the first to get the carter iv off itunes !
id1	id2	negative	None	michael just heard green days time of our life for the 1st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears . i miss ... penderg
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER on september 5th , the finder reaches italian tv ( with the worst title translation ever ) . finally !!! :d #finder #risolutore #sky
id1	id2	neutral	None	amazon has deals on home theater items on during the countdown to black friday . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	god hes a daft thing ! he ( merlin ) is not very bright sometimes ! she ( circe ) apparently sat there washing her paws , ignoring him ! #girls
id1	id2	negative	None	unless you got a throw back thursday picture with michael jackson i dont give a fuck about your faggot ass picture
id1	id2	neutral	None	dollar gains on euro amid greek woes : new york - the euro sagged against the dollar on thursday as the revised g ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cannot wait to play san fran on sunday . if we can beat them at home for the nfc championship we can beat them now .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i regularly drink thwaites best at the welly on a monday . nectar . in the fox @USER utter shite .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER was at barnet for edgar davids debut on friday then fa cup yesterday . blog very nice , thanks . you had much feedback on the first ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	former westover hs ( nc ) star cj ford opens the season for murray state against brescia on november 9th at home .
id1	id2	neutral	None	cowboys @USER will be the first late night game on sunday on channel 4 ( via @USER will be an emotional occasion on 9/11 anniversary .
id1	id2	negative	None	rudd rains on abbotts parade : kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillards party but yesterday he gate-cra ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going to siberia for the hod show on saturday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	davos coach del curto expects rick nash to return tonight . davos are a fairly bad 10th in the table with 9 points from 10 gp . #nyrangers
id1	id2	neutral	None	oct 2nd , 1976 - john belushi performed with joe cocker on saturday night live . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 3 months free espn given to anyone . got a letter through the post yesterday .
id1	id2	negative	None	desean jackson suppose to be at training camp on monday ... hope the eagles lock him up and extend mike vick ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	starting my work week sunday at kfc if i can make it in
id1	id2	neutral	None	headed to the honda classic in florida @USER fast park - red lot ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know , it went from way too far off to here . ill see iupui at maryland on jan 1 , just excited to go back to baltimore lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i really want @USER to tweet me since i bought 4 tickets to his concert october 9th irving plaza nyc
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget to see the exorcist at the fox theatre on tuesday ! theres nothing like seeing it on the big screen . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	exciting game fri nite wildcat football ... not ur fault it was not a win ... mayb this wk ... go cats
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER o ok , well im not coming back to dallas tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	another awesome tweetup ( this time in cebu ) with a rafa-tard ! great meeting you @USER thank you ! see you , monday . zubuchon on us !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	new post on blog ! hope to see you all this saturday @USER cesena ! with @USER fam too !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nbc writer @USER has lorenzo brown as 4th best pg in the nation . ryan harrow comes in at no . 19 : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	007 in detroit wed august 17th ill be dancing live !!! d town stand up !!! get ready its going down !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER good evening merlin . how are you ?
id1	id2	positive	None	red wolves home game today at 2:00 pm ! excited to see the best fans in the sun belt again ! #howlyes #gostate !
id1	id2	positive	None	does anyone remember when we had to chose racers for the iditarod thing in 6th grade ? i had zoya denure , along with 100 other people .. loll (:
id1	id2	positive	None	noel fielding may be one of the greatest people alive .
id1	id2	neutral	None	all tied at 14 after 1st qtr , murray state with ball in red zone
id1	id2	neutral	None	ze : as dong jun and b2sts dongwoon have been cast for the role of frank in musical catch me if you can which will be their musical debut .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lloyd robertson ended show with mention of his plaque from stratford today . joked that bieber didnt get there 1st . #bieberbestedagain
id1	id2	positive	None	aye if u guys like basketball the nba league pass is free for november 6th find the channels on comcast or direct tv
id1	id2	negative	None	going to watch goon for the 4th time , cry , then go to sleep . #nhllockout
id1	id2	neutral	None	original planned release date for blue diamond x : oct 6 . instead , nike drops two new bron styles on the same day as the rose 3 launch ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	new blog post : marvels phase two kicks off with iron man 3 trailer on october 23rd URL
id1	id2	negative	None	this dude from jerusalem say he cant take a test thursday b/c holloween wednesday&hes gonna have a hang over #purehonesty
id1	id2	positive	None	im excited to see the lions tomorrow :3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you have watch the nba playoffs ! knicks vs heat on wednesday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	got #revenge on the mind ? niners host giants in nfc championship rematch tomorrow ! score last minute tix here : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ok .. going down to melaka tomorrow morning , with two others .. visiting fren in icu . :(
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to @USER as mizzou beats kentucky 2-1 ! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 pm ! #mizsec
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER guess whos going to your december 3rd concert at msg ! #thisgirl
id1	id2	neutral	None	i watched act of valor last night and let me just say that a man that can shoot a gun may or may not score extra attractive points ...
id1	id2	negative	None	ive been on tv a few times now . still waiting for the call from itv about dancing on ice though . starting to think i may be too famous .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if your kids feel nervous about sandy , these hurricane tips from kermit , big bird and al roker may help to calm them URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	gm fbf , lets go ole skool today ... the winans , the choices 1 ) tomorrow 2 ) uphold me or 3 ) bring back the days , the voting begins now !
id1	id2	positive	None	its that time of year again !! the plains and the smell of saturday morning tailgates .. its auburn football season !! #wareagle
id1	id2	positive	None	great catch ! friend brad goddard snapped this picture of the aurora on friday night in nebraska . #wx #aurora URL
id1	id2	negative	None	once again democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market ... whatever happens there can be no blank check !
id1	id2	positive	None	there are still spots available for happiest baby on the block this sunday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thats me exactly ! hahaha ... 6th and 7th grade everyone made fun of me then it was all edward omg , jacob 4 lyfe s t o p
id1	id2	neutral	None	okc lost #thunderdown ... miami gone show niggas how to win tomorrow vs the knicks !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	so this friday theres an open mic in ajax were gunna test out some tunes at . anyone can play , if you wanna experiment with a crowd , holla !
id1	id2	negative	None	kinda pissed that i just found out that breakout kings got cancelled in may #taptotweet
id1	id2	neutral	None	the fall career fair is this wednesday 10/10 in the murphy center from 10am-2pm . free to all mtsu students and ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg , bullet for my valentine are coming to the netherlands march 21th . i might attend that one too :p
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to ek , car now smells delish !! if you bottled this , itd be called saturday night dorm bathroom ; its spokesman would be john belushi .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER youve done bobs great , the pacific great , now how about one following the 15th usaaf , 456th squadron b-24 , capt . klingler ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	are u in ny ? do u want freedom for khader adnan ? are u awesome ? if so , u better be at the rally in ny , feb 20 4:30 - 7:30 at israeli embassy
id1	id2	negative	None	i miss sarah g live last sunday . will watch it later .
id1	id2	positive	None	evans : mick jagger , 15 oct 12 . sir mick jagger calls chris evans with an interesting message about rolling stones ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ah yes , sexy saturday in the turner house ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	this is austin rivers 1st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill !
id1	id2	neutral	None	in nyc . do i wanna see 5x tony winner , peter & the starcatcher or paul rudd on stage on thurs ?
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched our idiot brother for the 1st time .. definitely a good movie . paul rudd is hilarious . better than adam sandler @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	pj harvey to play the royal albert hall for the first time this october URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER its mexican ! sorry for the late answer , ipad charging fucked me yesterday :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	final four is set and here is the match-ups . if we win ... we play on saturday at 7:00 p.m. in lexington ! pic.twitter.com/zrqdwmbg
id1	id2	neutral	None	australia day #t20 international to kick-start the ultimate australia day long weekend @USER sat 26 jan : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	may your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on facebook- will ferrell
id1	id2	neutral	None	new jeremy kyle starts monday , you bitch im back to school then !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	idk if its still thursday in hawaii since its friday here but heres a #tbt play it for the homie one time !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	which dj on the star-lite line up is the host of bbc 1xtras tuesday night ukg show a ) rampage ... b ) jamie duggan ... c ) cameo
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going up to berkmar tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i have to go romo , all have is peyton who i got in the #10th round . i think i was drafting against elementary children .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well she will find out what shes missing , i could go be a dick to her like on my best friends girl she will come running to u !
id1	id2	neutral	None	oscars well makes his debut over fences at punchestown tomorrow . it looks as though hell have plan a and darwins fox to overcome .
id1	id2	positive	None	this made my day . girl scout cookie orders start on friday in #md . i have an unhealthy obsession with thin mints ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER no jack !! went on rita last sunday ... and i swear ive got bruises on my head from it , its too fast ! my head took a bashing !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#justsayin #music jason vernau live @USER nightclub miami february 25th 2012 : jason vernau is back with some swe ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey @USER i have a concert this saturday at bedolla skater boyz in alsip , il at 6pm . any chance i could get you to show ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER bill , murdoch may have apologize for saying what he said but he hasnt changed his view on the matter .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i really have to find my dress for saturday . i may have to go with plan b dress , which is fine too .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah united were quality though you have to admit ! that 2nd goal was better than barcelona ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	ted nugent talks to us about #hunting and other stuff hes got on his mind @USER this saturday at 7am on the great outdoors , #nuge
id1	id2	negative	None	think imma go see flight tomorrow .. denzels the shit
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg . some guy at cypress dressed up as the sun drop guy lols .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tf2 , maybe some day z , and some diablo iii 2nd playthru perhaps ... and you ?
id1	id2	positive	None	driving west towards banff as the sun sets on the mountains . its comforting to see those hills again . home URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ghost rider 2 is out on monday . ignore it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tom segal was in flying form at chester yesterday . buy the racing post to see what his friday pricewise picks are . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	last day in melaka with skh , have to go home tomorrow . memories can not be forgotten .. i love you skh .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER follow @USER and meet her on november 26 . she deserves to meet you , crew & justin . shell be at the bell center at 4 !
id1	id2	positive	None	perfect weather to finish a great week . saw noel fieldings show thursday at the ath . meeting him would have made the week perfect !
id1	id2	neutral	None	world briefing | africa : mali : red cross prepares food aid : the international committee of the red cross said monday that it had star ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	lol how me evelyn , uly , and jerry were talking shit about that one portrait in 1st period and it happened to belong to the girl next to usxd
id1	id2	neutral	None	show tomorrow night at club pulse with projections , above the broken + a bunch more . only $5 at 5:00 pm . if ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	big day tomorrow ! rvc wbb get their national championship rings and an exciting new era of mbb begins ! good luck @USER and coach opat !
id1	id2	positive	None	last day in mexico city , excited to meet everyone from URL in denver tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	another 4 hours of science tomorrow before im at my grandmas for three days and kwvr for the hst and standard 4 on saturday ! #weekendplans
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER yep im having a party @USER eagles club theres a dj on fridays so ill have my party oct 5th im so amped !!
id1	id2	positive	None	movie night with the kids at church ! watching the lorax ! couldnt thing of a better way to spend my friday night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#vashon is already abuzz with the news that 2013 strawberry festival is the 3rd week of july . calanders are being marked , plans being made .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on sunday watch sarah g live , one of myrtle`s dream will come true - together with melai , @USER will have a song number with sarah g .
id1	id2	neutral	None	some of the madness and mayhem the cast of aladdin created when they flew into newark on monday !! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	no knicks tonight , this makes me upset enough that i havent tweeted about it , you know shits gotta be real smh tomorrow night , knicks/heat
id1	id2	neutral	None	#map : somalia : somali refugees in the region - as of 31 october 2012 URL #un
id1	id2	positive	None	finished filling out the fafsa for this scholarship application . hopefully its processed before november 15 , cause i need it by then .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in the cl final when lehmann got that red card , he chose to sub out pires in the 10th minute to get almunia in . pires felt
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i agree with you re : tomb raider box art . may be an encouraging sign ? too early to tell . but still , classy .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i need to get skinny , move out and find someone lush ! ill start my diet tomorrow then the rest ill try and sort another time ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER has to be the ha t-t rick against manu ... and in a very close 2nd the carling cup final goal :o )
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think joe paterno went for it on 4th down twice in 40 years . #pennstate has gone for it on 4th down twice today . #dizzyinhappyvalley
id1	id2	neutral	None	me & @USER going to phuk the city up sept 15 . we taking it back to fairground for #battleofthesexes lets see who rock men/women
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you gonna be in tallahassee tomorrow ?? need to know if i need to get tix to the show
id1	id2	neutral	None	carling cup on wednesday . no extra time please . have to play more england internationals and give the kids a rest . #lfc #stillinthehat
id1	id2	neutral	None	cofield draws leadoff walk in top 4th . zaharion at the plate .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we are all too excited about margarita day tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER this sunday the actual work is just east of edmonds . but there will be a couple of delays impacting all eastbound service^da
id1	id2	positive	None	good work tonight boys . wish i could have been out there . lets take bob jones monday and get some momentum for regionals . #ttums
id1	id2	neutral	None	ay but i have a date with colorado tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	gonna watch goon for the 27th time now
id1	id2	neutral	None	news : bookmaker paddy powers lucky pants make an appearance at chisora weigh-in ahead of saturdays ... URL #pr #prjobs
id1	id2	negative	None	may infinite ranking king final episode with eng sub na . waaa :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	uconn confirms 2 p.m. press conference tomorrow at gampel to discuss future of the mens basketball program .
id1	id2	negative	None	las vegas is my 3rd home and ill be there after the election but the wynn just lost my business after the bogus obama comments .
id1	id2	neutral	None	kang ho dong has come back . on october 29 , kang appeared in the main building of sbs in order to do a shooting ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	listening to amy and luciens attempts at communication on last nights big brother ... i fear for the future of mankind sometimes .
id1	id2	positive	None	stevie from stevie tv inspired my look for the party ... i cant wait to go jet black !
id1	id2	neutral	None	kyle williams monday press conference : bills defensive tackle kyle williams talks about coming back from the bye ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	working in the bi nam exhibition again tomorrow and photographing the new exhibition at turner house in the eve , excited !
id1	id2	neutral	None	how to dress well plays santos party house on october 8th with o f f love and warm ghost ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yo man @USER wants you to wear a dawgs jersey ! boise state jerseys are going out of fashion on september 4th . #ugadawgswag
id1	id2	negative	None	mncim , the rain that stopped last saturdays game wasted our time waitse ! maybe ss4 would be playing something better tonight .
id1	id2	negative	None	i have a very strong dislike for george zimmerman . i really do . why isnt he in jail ! cant wait for him to be sentenced in june .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think my mom might buy me the box set bc ive been bugging her about msg and i told her id give her $30 if she got it before november 14
id1	id2	positive	None	my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just stumbled across a video montage on some tv channel of clips of camilla parker bowles set to uptown girl . so .. thats my saturday . you ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	testing time fr congress frm tomorrow , #ramdev at ramlila maidan delhi as he braces up to catch the rapacious bull by the horn . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	knowing the movie industry in kumasi , a movie a titled ayariga for president may not be too far away . please dont disappoint me #boxoffice
id1	id2	neutral	None	potus was here in boulder today , with the same old stump speech . meanwhile , in staten island , his lower 9th ward : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mtsu just beat wku 34-29 . the sun belt is really starting to get interesting . have to take care of business on saturday ! #packattack
id1	id2	negative	None	how in the world do you go the nfl combine knowing u have a chance to be 1st rd pick & test positive for marijuana ? #reallystupid
id1	id2	negative	None	steve emerson interview on shameful us response to islamist riots on sun tv :: ipt in the news :: the investigat ... URL via
id1	id2	positive	None	#tbt a year ago tomorrow i would have met the amazing christina grimmie :) #takemeback URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody going to long beach comic con this saturday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	mass gathering in a single hotel room . mmm chinese . and i could put up with family guy for one night .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hold out hope for valentine , he may win manager of the year
id1	id2	positive	None	having a long overdue cd upload session . by tomorrow my ipod will be blessed with pil , george harrison and disco inferno :)
id1	id2	negative	None	boehner tells obama that sorry , the house is all booked up for sept 7 , maybe you can come another day ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	working on scouting report for clemson vs . usf soccer exhibition on friday , always on the job
id1	id2	positive	None	jr got selected to the pro bowl team and the season not over yet !!! one more game saturday than playoffs .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sorry about that . dont miss the one thats coming on friday though , trayvons family are going to be there .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER good morning , you two . have you heard about obama , the un , and #agenda21 ? URL hes a traitor .
id1	id2	positive	None	yolo really u gonna tell me that i am living my life it may not be how it use to be but i love my life way more being a mother #rns
id1	id2	neutral	None	europe aa prices may firm on asian supply , but not in q4 - buyers : london ( icis) -- buyers in the european a ... URL #icis
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER on comedy central tonight @USER a grown little man and seriously funny ... ill be glued to the tv
id1	id2	positive	None	sharks in 2nd place on the currie cup log behind the lions . geuss whos last ... bulls haha
id1	id2	negative	None	i can talk about malcolm x all day ... like when i got kicked outta school in 8th and 9th grade for being too radical about black panthers
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ today 5/19]gag concert is back with eng sub ! kick off your sat morning with laughter !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was sing tomorrow by the winans in class and i was told i sound like brian mcknight ... never got that before
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ill see you monday :3 fancy coming to a nerd convention in dublin on the 10th ? ;d
id1	id2	neutral	None	istrategies ~ playstation network maintenance monday - if youre looking to play psn games this upcoming monday , you ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	zulu is the 26th largest mother tongue of christians ( 10.4 million ) , representing 0.5% of all christians .
id1	id2	positive	None	last day of work at walgreens tomorrow ! * cries tears of joy *
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone wanna tell me why us trending says bon jovi performed at the grammys . arent they in feb ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	yes , it is us : black triangle sighting in plainfield , illinois on january 4th 2000 - large triangle ... URL #aliens
id1	id2	neutral	None	openstack is powering production clouds . in this general session at the 11th international cloud expo , nebula ce ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	alright run it mek we done it !!! ambozia july 7 @USER place ( bar , karaoke & lounge ) maddd rasss URL
id1	id2	negative	None	dear spurs , you are out of coc , not in champions league and come may wont be in top 4 . why do you even exist ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday in the d ... bill maher at the fox theatre killed tonight ... heard there was some other things going on across the street .
id1	id2	positive	None	in rugby news , @USER are winning 26-5 at cobham , with the four-try bonus point in the bag . see the monday gazette for a full report .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a night to just lay up & watch movies on netflix .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER 13th . there is no android device worth buying outside of the nexus line , in my opinion . especially not the galaxy s line
id1	id2	positive	None	i need to go find some sweets , then im outtt . another 12 hour day of marching band tomorrow #nevergetsold
id1	id2	neutral	None	anne curtis and toni gonzaga , all set for the grand showdown of beauty and talent this sunday URL ( via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	the oscars nominations are going to be announced on a thursday , at 1.30 pm . i guess ill have to be late for math class ... :d
id1	id2	positive	None	nufc game the day cant wait ! hope @USER gets another chance had a brilliant game thursday night . one for the future .
id1	id2	positive	None	flight starring denzel washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER there were contradictory signals from the mayor vis a vis evacuation , + n.o. has lots of canes , and may have been complacent
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER cafe one ?! they lose dongwoo on a tuesday . is the first line is that the right fic no it doesnt seem like it wait link me ?! lmao
id1	id2	positive	None	october 17th - november 3rd , dont miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	continued assault - indianapolis faces a tough miami defense this sunday , one that ranks third in the league in yard ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	were excited for trunk or treat tomorrow ( nov 2 ) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown . it will start at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	georgetown playing jmu in secret scrimmage on saturday while gmu does the same at marquette . URL ( h/t @USER )
id1	id2	positive	None	new cast of dwts tba at 8pm tonight !! so excited :) the meeting tonight better be done , or someone will have to lend me their phone :) thx
id1	id2	negative	None	shouldnt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the sun decides to play hookie is not a good time .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im so excited for when you come to northern lights on the 27th it will probably make my life .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so happy nba is back . feeling a bit disappointed in the nuggets tonight but the lakers 2nd consecutive loss helps to compensate .
id1	id2	neutral	None	play the playstation vita exclusive silent hill : book of memories tomorrow : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	only 2 non-chase drivers in the top 10 -- kyle busch in 4th and mark martin in 8th . #nascar
id1	id2	positive	None	not too late to come down to our monday night open mic to sing or just have a good time ! iguana 240 w 54 st. will be here till 9 pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	went to sylvia park for the 2nd time in my life today , and it was the 2nd time in my life i saw @USER there hahaha
id1	id2	neutral	None	rvp shit on afc by moving to mufc , yet served them brilliantly over 8 years , will the fans give him shit on saturday ? #cantwaittofindout !
id1	id2	positive	None	sun flower seeds are just to delicious
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully this game in chardon tomorrow we come out with a win ! #tigers
id1	id2	neutral	None	arent jews , steve emerson & clifford may just a little scared at cufi . havent they heard about leo frank ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	springsteen , bon jovi , sting to star in hurricane benefit concert friday : superstar musicians born in the new y ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	harakah : iran army monitoring all ships in gulf : tehran , oct 28 : a senior commander of the islamic revolution gu ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	big bang concert is tomorrow . oh my lord !! boo hoo hooo ): * cries all the 7 seas *
id1	id2	neutral	None	tygas careless world moving down five spots to no . 48 with 8,300 . headed into his 10th week , the ymcb rappers lp has sold 199,400 records .
id1	id2	positive	None	this time tomorrow i will be at alexandra palace seeing jack white live for the second time in the last two months :d
id1	id2	positive	None	watching die hard for the 1st time with @USER & @USER alan rickman makes this better than it already was .
id1	id2	positive	None	goodnight ! big day ! tomorrow im at the school to 3:00 ( argentina time ) because i stay to the mallin ! ( tomorrow ill tell you what is that) !
id1	id2	neutral	None	next tuesday is d2s chocolate day ! with halloween right around the corner , this is sure to curb your candy craving : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	-but saturday .. if you can make it to monroe , please do so ! the after party for 3 different games is all in one . #gsu #jsu #ull #ulm #tech
id1	id2	negative	None	tom boonen has been summoned to man the polling station in mol this sunday . if he doesnt , hell get fined URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#nacamam @USER you have to try skywalk deli on the 2nd floor of the comerica building on monroe ! #bestlunche URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ufc 134 this sunday from 11am - anderson silva v yushin okami - dont miss it . in the sports bar live . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	a few sandusky costumes may have been in poor taste today , but the old joe pa statue in happy valley was legit . pic.twitter.com/pm8zzdyz
id1	id2	positive	None	mens club basketball game at gonzaga in the rudolph fitness center court 1 on monday , november 5th at 8:15 pm !!! spread the word people !
id1	id2	positive	None	#classic ! @USER friday oct 19th !!! the alumni will be rocking philly !!! free show @USER liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop !
id1	id2	neutral	None	final destination 5 opens friday . if it does well , theyll film fd6 and fd7 . so its really more like qualifying heat destination 5 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	free hugging day ? tapos may free kissing day ? o.o kailan na ang malanday ? @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is #gameday & its gonna be a good one so come out & support covina at san dimas for a big game in the season #letsgetthatwin xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st episode of careless world tv from europe is on facebook , make sure to give it a like - URL #teamtyga
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to team spleaders for winning the kickball tournament that was held october 6th ! pic.twitter.com/d3gwqrgi
id1	id2	neutral	None	can any1 guess what year tom segals pricewise coloum last tipped a british flat winner on the turf on a sat or sun ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	sept 27th | cherub , pell | ricks cafe | $5 advance tix | get at me before the date of show cause the price will go up .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i have a date with christian kane and the leverage team that i recorded tues , then the finder , sexy !, have fun , night night xx
id1	id2	negative	None	refuse to admit that its 3rd year . bring on my groundhog day
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the release of the 20th anniversary kniteforce boxset featuring many remixes including mine of super sunday ! $92 at the store !
id1	id2	neutral	None	has ny budy have idea about at when we will receive study material for the bca 2nd year for which the exam will held in december , pls advise
id1	id2	positive	None	flyin to the bay tomorrow then kickin it in fresno a couple days before going to colorado #fuckyes
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER glad to hear you are a fan of douglas adams ... i am on my 7th rerread/listen to #hitchhikersguide
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yeah thatll be enough for him now . that was devastating . i think price would be vitali klitschko tomorrow if he had the chance
id1	id2	neutral	None	china renews googles operating licence : china said wednesday it had renewed googles licence to operate in the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	members : we will be helping at the polls tomorrow and saturday as greeters . if interested we are working at garner until 7 tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember , 1 november is the solemnity of #allsaints : a holy day of obligation . be sure you assist at mass or its a mortal sin . #catholic
id1	id2	neutral	None	im listening to taylor allderdice all day tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	waiting for my training season with dawgs tendy @USER , may as well watch goon while im waiting
id1	id2	neutral	None	want to play in the @USER homecoming weekend beer pong tourney at jackie os on sunday ? reply or dm us ! $16 per team !
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to anthony hamilton at dar constitution hall in washington , dc - sep 15 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	morning paper : georgia gets ready for the big opener it needed . boise state looks for a kicker . the bangles . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ugh sooo mean !! oh yeah before i forget ! we have a quiz on nca and english tom , the english analysis she gave us last wed
id1	id2	neutral	None	we are presenting at the mrwas annual trifecta on sept 12 in northfield , ma . stop by the booth and see utility cloud in action !
id1	id2	negative	None	harris english drilled a volunteer in the head with his 1st tee shot today . video : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anderson cooper and kristin chenoweth on his coming out : anderson live premiered monday , with kristi ... URL #gay , #lgbt
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see the people of shotton proudly waving their red & white flags and wearing their national team shirts . poland play tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	boehner rejects 7th , invites obama on 8th , nfl opening night . so obama just has to speak @USER on 7th to save football coverage ? #doitnow
id1	id2	positive	None	so many gr8t things 2 do n detroit ! get up & get at it ! sun gonna shine bright ! yur presence makes da day brighter ! whats up n yur city ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got the call the magazine is ready for pickup get your copy at the hands that heal fashion show nov 4th mr. reggie 404-246-9582
id1	id2	positive	None	stimulating & promising speech of the world banks president jim yong kim in the annual meeting held in tokyo on oct 12 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	early finish tomorrow .. getting my bike out if it dont rain ... then sky fall .. and lots of beers on saturday ... rest sunday ... good weekend !
id1	id2	neutral	None	dbj tech watch for monday 8/8 : news of facebook , google , microsoft , centurylink and more : welcome to the denver ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ouch . yeah , seeing the lakers tomorrow will likely be enough . lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER loool errr .. ill have to it watch it today ( was watching celebrity juice last night )
id1	id2	neutral	None	come watch will ferrell and zach galifanakis duke it out in the campaign this thursday at midnight ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER getting my xbox back tomorrow ! honestly cant wait ! - my friends wants a competitive 3v3 , see if cole is up for it man !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dublin on monday :d so excited ! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert ... plzzz say happy birthday shauna
id1	id2	negative	None	idk how i feel about the kandi factory . kinda cheesy ? yeah . this was a bad first episode . not good enough to be a sunday night show .
id1	id2	positive	None	its singapores independence day today ! happy national day ! cant wait for the parade this evening !
id1	id2	neutral	None	on my ym shit right now . just finished listening to i am not a human being . now going onto pink friday . after this , hello careless world .
id1	id2	negative	None	two of my oscars died today . dont know why . i guess they couldnt stand it out till november 6th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am in line to meet e l james ! guess i should start on #fiftyshades for the 4th time ! URL @USER #fiftyshadesofgrey
id1	id2	neutral	None	blog post : vice president joe biden to present the top ten list on cbss late show with david letterman , thursday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	heavy cream were my oxen of the sun , jeffbro my circe , the patco line my eumaeus . now , at the appointed hour , ive returned to ithaca .
id1	id2	negative	None	you may find this hard to believe , but viola davis was a troublemaker back in the day . see ... URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bucs play pats tonight lets go tampa bay !
id1	id2	positive	None	this month is going to be amazing . 4th i see courtney ! 9th stacy moves back ! ( : 17th my birthday !! ( : then its thanksgiving and no school !
id1	id2	positive	None	it still hasnt hit me yet that tomorrow is steelers & ravens day .
id1	id2	positive	None	and on top of it all , my horoscope is super positive and my coffee is so delicious today . hey , wednesday . we can get along !
id1	id2	positive	None	URL new #sexy comment about : theeuropeandream is available in indianapolis : friday-sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow new episode of rm but then need to wait monday for rm with eng sub . hais
id1	id2	positive	None	applications are due this friday november 2 !!! let this video of yes prep senior signing day inspire you as ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ash ..., you may say anything about her but she is one of the prettiest women in india , happy birthday aishwarya rai
id1	id2	positive	None	i would love to watch vampire diaries tonight :) and some heroes ! great combination
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha , course not ! and im coming to pick you .. milan & taylor up from school one friday . so be prepared (:
id1	id2	negative	None	1st time i bring my phone to harold washington & it goes off ! :/
id1	id2	neutral	None	anonymous wikileaks like project tyler to launch in december : a hacker , who claims to be a member of the hackin ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	big time rush may be considered to be just a show or a kiddie band but no one can say that they dont have talent or care about their fans !
id1	id2	positive	None	micca tomorrow . my support for the marching band is ridiculous . #needstostop #butilovethemsomuch #itssoearly #eyeswithpride #maybenextyear
id1	id2	positive	None	the lovely @USER is apparently coming to st davids hall in january . swooonnn
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wwooo fasho ! u know i gotchu ! ima c u in vegas on the 21st blud !
id1	id2	positive	None	looking at the set for aladdin - great job @USER ! anticipating watching hundreds of kids sing , dance & act tonight @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	##$$## black friday deals nikon d3200 24.2 megapixels digital slr camera with 18-55mm nikkor vr lens , black & nikon ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pbr & @USER bring you jim white at the @USER lounge on october 23rd at 7 pm ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	v-p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august 6 : some of our leaders are also in touch with trinamool congress chi ... #news
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER game night at the oneil household tomorrow @USER #bethere
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER for sure ! tuesday noon et live on und.com ... #irish and nebraska ... i know youll be tuned in !
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for the raiders game tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st george clooney 2nd joseph gordon ( older and younger ) winky face with a capital d
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did it look like john belushi ? ( youre probably too young for that joke . ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited for recruitment to start at auburn today ! these gamma omega thetas are going to be great ! #wareagle [ christa and katharine ]
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER free . just ask you post a tweet or video about it . but i cant send anything for 2 weeks as im flying to japan tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston : whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle ...
id1	id2	positive	None	great game ... tremendous way to start the season . bring it on and next sunday real madrid v barcelona .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my friend bailey is going to allstars show tomorrow ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks for your many tweets tonight milan . cant believe i was in the wrong place ( milansofficial ) . you made all fans so happy .
id1	id2	positive	None	come join us at the walmart i love my car event this friday and saturday in pico rivera ! games and give-aways for the whole family .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i recognized bomi cause shes my 2nd fav ... <3 btw , if ill ever marry hoya , ill buy him a yoonjae dog ... *.*
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the 1st half goals was just to tell you how it is in premeirship . you really did your very best and #teamunited from nigeria loves u
id1	id2	neutral	None	jonas brothers are gonna go live at fort canning on the 22nd . hmmm .
id1	id2	positive	None	remember that one time in the 4th grade when i loved the parent trap so much that i gave it up for lent ...
id1	id2	positive	None	well , i havent done any homework in the past hour , but , i do know the lyrics to #forevermore , wya and nandito ako by heart now . :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER next sunday is penciled . the harveys meet the lawson-mckennas for a royal rumble .
id1	id2	neutral	None	arrived in llandudno to attend the 3rd conference in 3 weeks . my little car can almost drive itself here . south to north #noshortcuts
id1	id2	neutral	None	bumper day for @USER in @USER tomorrow - extract from new tom wolfe + sylvie simmons on leonard cohen URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow shall consist of watching will ferrell films with my fave people and chinese food , sweet .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to move to hawaii this saturday ! promotion , new townhouse , new car & with myking ... definitely a happy girl :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think ryan reynolds 1st action role was in green lantern ... it shows in safe house , he isnt used to it
id1	id2	positive	None	nebraska placed a nation-leading nine players on the first-ever senior bowl watch list released saturday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow , the biggest name in music & entertainment is on the show ! and no its not ricky martin . who is it ? click - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	got an hour talk session with capt . imran tomorrow . hes so smart and manage to become a captain by the age of 26 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im cuming back to natchitoches friday just to vote
id1	id2	positive	None	sometimes you just got to put the michael jackson song from free willy on repeat all morning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	in my 2nd season in mycareer , and the jazz have maggette and jr smith starting ... no no no , wtf is this ?!?
id1	id2	neutral	None	oscars 1st time at nursery tomorrow , they can wear fancy dress being halloween , damn it had not planned for that . #mommyonamission
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget that the exclusive screening of skyfall takes place this thursday at cineplex oasis mall . red carpet ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha was brilliant , adam levine is in it but not a fan of him ! and it was on channel 4 last friday , its on 4od :) xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	officially confirmed : tom boonen will ride at the olympics this saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	keen for the eagles game today . #goeagles
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you built ford tough or built like ray lewis on a sunday in full pads , take yo ass somewhere and get some sweat pants or baggy jeans .
id1	id2	neutral	None	went looting in spurs last night , broke into the white hart lane cabinet , so left with a pile of dust and a gareth bale dvd .
id1	id2	positive	None	in barcelona tomorrow ... time to bring out the tees and shorts :))
id1	id2	positive	None	epic ! judas priest - hell patrol [ british steel 30th anniversary hd ] URL my top fav song from painkiller \m/ love it
id1	id2	positive	None	psych and garage rock fans will love @USER @USER & @USER at the echo on nov 6th ! tix URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ash wednesday they put ash crosses on your forehead that was the joke lol
id1	id2	positive	None	tonight $2 tipsy tuesdays at 1433 arch street at big bangs good food , music , and $2 drinks at ( 15th & arch URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dirty jim had to close that one out . if not , he may have started hearing comparisons to cundiff in this town .
id1	id2	positive	None	going to olive garden with my family ! so happy its my 15th birthday !
id1	id2	negative	None	beyonce needs a new sound . you may call it hating , im just being real .
id1	id2	neutral	None	microsoft issues critical patch for windows 7 , vista users : microsoft issues light patch tuesday , with just one ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER thats crazy . im more jealous of u going to joe pas grave ! i was sad saturday when i walked past where the statue should be :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	#hulu video game trailers - launch trailer : check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3 . added : fri oct 26 00 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER pretty sure mel c did todays pw . not sure if you are referring to todays pw though as i dont know what was tipped up .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER riri is the queen of shade . because her forehead blocks out the sun .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER not being able to afford to go every week is all well , but i bet them extra 1,500 people didnt not go to boro because of that
id1	id2	neutral	None	tea time at the james p . nix center , thursday , august 18 ; 2 p.m. topic : birding in coastal alabama & the alabama ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to scouser & soon to be klitschko destroyer @USER tonight in the echo against @USER - 12th career ko tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks . still have love for my galaxy !! i will cheering us on to victory at the stadium club tonite !! beat dallas !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	miss ! robbie keane gets on the end of a david beckham cross from the right , but his header is just over in the 19th minute .
id1	id2	neutral	None	managed to snag a rih test press along with the new 7 . woop . come see them in margate this sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	psn tuesday : assassins creed 3 , okami hd : you can buy all the assassins creed you can handle on psn tod ... URL _ _ ! )
id1	id2	positive	None	anderson silva is fighting saturday in the ufc . you know he cant lose .
id1	id2	neutral	None	departure of ship : arabian oryx port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 6:41 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel a ...
id1	id2	positive	None	big bangs new season starts on the 27th yeah boii
id1	id2	negative	None	the boys : URL calvin watkins explains why sunday night games are bad luck for the cowboys and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	melissa mccarthy , jane lynch make emmy night chicagoriffic URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ate mcdonalds and feel guilty so im goin to 24 for an hour or 2 , then to az tomorrow , go and try and make my life better
id1	id2	positive	None	i cant wait for the heat game tomorrow ; heat vs knicks !
id1	id2	neutral	None	andy rooney , 92 , will make last appearance on cbs 60 minutes this sunday - tvnewser URL
id1	id2	positive	None	world bank approves us$50 million for improving compliance with industrial wastewater treatment regulations in vietnam - oct 25th
id1	id2	neutral	None	of course pottstown has to be ass backwards & have off school on the 15th instead of tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the last two guys fighting for the immunity idol on survivor were jeff & carter & the 1st thing i think of was jeff carter from the la kings
id1	id2	neutral	None	auburn spent their entire practice today inside the new indoor facility .
id1	id2	neutral	None	four lions in on this sunday . have to record that . still not seen it yet .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i like those too1 i love old movies 30s & 40s i was 9 living on okinawa the 1st time i saw it happened 1 nite on aft
id1	id2	neutral	None	#drewpeterson are you missing drew peterson yet ? lifetime is re-airing the movie this sunday . it stars * gasp * rob lowe as peterson
id1	id2	neutral	None	coming up next ... the main event of the evening ... anderson silva vs yushin okami ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	so i asked a diehard fsu fan about the game against dook on sat & they are kinda worried about coach cut & his coastal division leading team
id1	id2	positive	None	today i saw many great news , like _hp touchpad_ discount and another news is about nokia n9 swipe . this new ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER already voted early last friday for you in cypress , nw of houston . i definitely dont want cruz to win . we need a dem in senate !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ryan and i are fighting about which one of us is gonna hook up with phils dog tomorrow night
id1	id2	neutral	None	nigeria play england in the round of 16 on wednesday 10 august , at 11pm nigeria time . time to colonise england in football ? #u20worldcup
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER fca is tomorrow , id love to see you there kenadee
id1	id2	negative	None	tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor missed training today , and wont play in the europa league on thursday , because of a hamstring injury .
id1	id2	neutral	None	yesterday i asked maria where the candy was and sshes like ill get it tomorrow when all the candy is on sale #ghetto #candy
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER haha . you know i cant deal with athens after last saturday . hear their ignorant asses talk about the game . lord help me
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to clutch at busters billiards & backroom in lexington , ky - dec 28 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	adm turner , okinawa : i may be crazy but it looks like the japanese have quit the war . nimitz : delete all after crazy . #wwii
id1	id2	positive	None	>> directioners !! now we have to prove that we are a big family !! on friday , the movie to be released song ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to @USER tomorrow at the #freakshow in las vegas !! get after it man . youre going to smash on fools ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER cause you arent going .. cause when i told her it starts at 4 .. she like ohh well idk cause ( you ) get off at 10:30 ..
id1	id2	positive	None	mayhem !! live in the mix tomorrow thursday night oct 25 at warehouse 29 in greensboro nc !!! be there ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the vampire diaries from the beginning = a classic saturday night . :d and with @USER :) lolz
id1	id2	negative	None	can we just haw class cancelled tomorrow ? cause i really dont want to go to bca 101 . id rather eat worms ...
id1	id2	negative	None	the gops greatest crime ? @USER boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wow . marcos had no vp during martial law , but enrile is the 2nd most powerful man in the philippines then .
id1	id2	positive	None	michael jackson is like the sun . hes so hot , and 4950675967586785768455636 kilometers far from me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	king cake and boudin for breakfast . yep ! im in southern louisiana , where the weather is warm ( not hot ) and sunny . wine tasting tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	one name #illini fans will recognize on tonights box score for new zealand is kirk penney , who played for wisconsin from 200 0-0 3 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	what up , we bout to touch thuus ainsworth on 26th between 6th & 7th for the knicks/heat game . who comin thru ?!?!
id1	id2	negative	None	depending on your sensibilities , unofficially yours may seem progressive or derivative . too bad the leads cant supply the heat it needed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	asap ... come to my house tomorrow and entertain me instead of everyone else going to the concert .
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to trey haley , shawn armstrong @USER and alex monsalve for being named to the afls rising stars team . game is sat @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday : picnic in park with @USER thrown around a moshpit at datsuns and london is burning . balance in all things
id1	id2	positive	None	kicking off the world cup friday , all blacks vs tonga !?! yeeeaah !! im so looking forward to just laxing back popcorn & a glass a bubbly !?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	drew peterson is no longer #untouchable ! tune in for the lifetime original movie sunday at 7/6c on @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	smoking a hoya de monterey ... @USER on the radio ... glass of red in hand ... loving my sunday !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	so this is how its gonna be #ncaa south 3rd round winners uk , iowa st , wichita st , ind , unlv , baylor , xavier ( upset ) duke
id1	id2	neutral	None	ha ! rt @USER after a weekend of subway mayhem , the mta expects service to return to normal for your morning commute URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	( droid-life ) additional confirmation that the droid bionic will be here september 8 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i work at the la in alsip but that xsport offered me a job . got an interview tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER nba season starts tomorrow ! who is your favorite team ? will the heat repeat as champs ? sacramento kings . nope
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember in 2008 when obama said he would fundamentally transform the usa ? with the debt downgrade on friday , we are transformed ! #tcot
id1	id2	neutral	None	irving plaza nyc blackout saturday night . got limited spots left on the guest list . tweet me why you think you deserve them
id1	id2	neutral	None	new glory gang music janet at the superbowl URL on #soundcloud
id1	id2	neutral	None	auburn will square off with ucf , texas a&m , ohio st , lsu , tennessee , texas tech and houston in the womens finals of the 4x1 at 12:05 on fri
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing day today . i cant wait for tomorrow ; i get my braces then movie night at my bfs house with rosa & jose . yaaay .
id1	id2	positive	None	haha blocked by @USER because its @USER 2nd account and he backs everything tom segal puts up , oh the irony #stoproguetipsters
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER not in the afghan halal meat shop but it may as well be with the amount of afghans and halal meat in the house !!
id1	id2	positive	None	dook tomorrow and on the 27th ... the game weve all been waiting for ... nc state URL
id1	id2	positive	None	all ricky martins fans interested in joining sips , you are welcome to do so . theme mustache 20oct sat tag under #sexysoulsinterestingpics
id1	id2	neutral	None	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypts first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	im working overtime to elect mitt . 50 radio appearances down the homestretch . on huckabee national radio on friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nov 1 , las vegas massage gift certificates - las vegas massage gift certificates for the best massage anywhere in s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER watching the mayor of iqaluit and elizabeth may square off ( on twitter ) is quite the sight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : west ham united v sunderland 22 sep 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	details of matches were showing live for the rugby world cup coming later today .
id1	id2	negative	None	still fuming at everton shambles , at least the england cricket team should cheer me up today #kenwrightout
id1	id2	negative	None	oh wait if george osborne gets shipped out to space on the b ark from douglas adams book , hes going to demand an upgrade to 1st class ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	is shrek at lions practice ? rt .. lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury . @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	cbs says andy rooney will make his final weekly 60 minutes appearance on this sundays edition : URL ( via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is the binder dexter picked out for 1st grade ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hip-hop rumors : is maino headed to reality tv ? : brooklyn rapper maino may be the latest rapper to be making the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	might have to skip my bros rival game tomorrow just to watch the heat vs knicks and clippers vs . lakers
id1	id2	positive	None	david haye claims a fight with vitali klitschko has been agreed , according to the sun . better start protecting that big toe david ...
id1	id2	positive	None	im so good at gambling . i just owned las vegas . leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework . not a bad week .
id1	id2	positive	None	i want to be here the greatest hits tour - blue , jeff timmons of 98 degrees , a1 on feb 25 ... :|
id1	id2	neutral	None	cowboys tonight to see eli young band ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	macdougall is killing the raiders . mad dog scores 2nd after good leadup work from gidley and houston . gidley misses kick . knights 16-4
id1	id2	positive	None	r @USER great win 2-0 against america to end the usa tour ! now , its time to play against italy on wednesday with spain ! #tourfcb
id1	id2	negative	None	fuck it , might go see reggie tomorrow ...
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait until next friday . imma see my big bro swiper and the boul young savage perform .
id1	id2	neutral	None	spread the word ! the workshop is dayton , oh is not cancelled ! i will be in ohio tomorrow & ill be at the party saturday night !
id1	id2	positive	None	lucy hale is trending worldwide ! the girls from #prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight . congrats , @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER what are two doing for the steelers game tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	like if malcolm x somehow changed your life ... jump head 1st into the deep end of a pool with no water if you ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mamata asks parties to oppose cooking gas cylinder price hike : kolkata , nov 1 ( ians ) in the wake of yet another ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER man im thinking as hard as a 12 inch dick on a saturday morning that has to pee as bad a race horse at the kentucky derby
id1	id2	neutral	None	anne and toni with myrtle , melai , francella , jericho and jm on sarah g live this october 28 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	queens of the stone age & dave grohl sat on the stool - regular john from glastonbury during the song for the deaf tour URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ufc 134 : anderson silva vs . yushin okami gambling spotlight : a handful of ufc 134 props to make your night a lit ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we do not live in ground hog day , we dont live with a victim mentality , today b rough but tomorrow wont be the same #el #leadership
id1	id2	positive	None	okay this wookie boy too childish he say i gotta hear my favorite song 1st and this niggah play 1+1 by beyonce :) i love that song man ;
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no problem ! boi you best be at rim tomorrow lol there is like no one going to rim .. and lol i really dont wanna go to school ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	ufo sighting : black triangle sighting in oranjestad , on october 11th 2012 - black triangle ufo with resemblance ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	when i was a kid , pope john paul ii was crowned or whatever they call it . i remember wondering whatever happened to pope john paul the 1st ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	yay ... we had us a mini water fight =) now my hair messed up << think tomorrow imma go to alsip and get in the pool
id1	id2	positive	None	heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense & amazing few days in derby with the @USER lads ! dvd is looking ace !
id1	id2	neutral	None	so do i go to watch rise & super 8 today and then cowboys tomorrow ? or do i leave it and do all 3 tomorrow ? but be bored today ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dr. arnold , i think they are just in the semi finals tomorrow . go warriors !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	we still got the likes of rooney , rvp , ferdy , valencia , scholes , young , evra and carrick fresh ready for you gunners on saturday . bring it .
id1	id2	negative	None	if price fights either klitschko , theyll definitely not want him wearing 10 ouncers . may as well be bare knuckle . #price
id1	id2	positive	None	htb , mob , pbc , strife , defeater , living with lions and the bronx today . aaawwh yeeeah hevy yeeeahhh
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER samezies were gonna go and scream every time taylor lautner takes off his shirt and boo every time bella complains
id1	id2	positive	None	hope to see you at our social media week event in glasgow tomorrow . URL #smwfilmcamp
id1	id2	neutral	None	each january , a new fafsa is available for the upcoming school year , and completing it is free when you go to the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	are you guys as ready as i am for riri 7th album ... come on november 19 :) #rihannanavy @USER rihan URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER doesnt help that hoyas my bias in infinite : c ( btw what are we gonna do about thursday !!! )
id1	id2	negative	None	lmfaoasdfghjklomg . i just saw a picture of jenelle from the 1st day of school in 5th grade .. damn that nigga changed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	people should stay after school tomorrow to help the nhs .. we will be watching the woman in black
id1	id2	positive	None	lucy hale is trending worldwide ! the girls from #prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight . congrats , @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER make sure you tune into @USER on URL tomorrow from 1pm to 3pm , special guest young savage
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER same way as in bolton are being stubborn and not talking or demanding a stupid fee ? are you expecting jim to sign today ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	ice cube should come out with a last friday with everybody ! mike epps kat williams smokey big worm kevin hart & everybody else ...
id1	id2	negative	None	tough day for the nhl community . rip pavol demitra , died in a plane crash this morning . heaven just got a hell of a center .
id1	id2	positive	None	get excited for the local q birthday bash on friday night by checking out the band profile of trifecta here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	want to have the happiest baby on the block ? come to whole foods in westport , ct wednesday may 9th @USER and hear maryanne farrell
id1	id2	neutral	None	damn , summerslam is on at the same time as ufc sunday . they usually fight on saturday . wwe on the comp and ufc on the big screen i guess .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just bought two tickets for the sacramento kings season opener on monday ! hyped .
id1	id2	positive	None	i reckon the match between bolton and man city should be good tomorrow ! #footballseason
id1	id2	neutral	None	george zimmerman is scheduled to go on trial june 10th for the shooting death of 17-year-old trayvon martin .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER crazypants . got to the 7th , saw kermit play bullets . beautiful area
id1	id2	neutral	None	since tottenhams game against everton was postponed , they will start the season against man utd at old trafford on 22 august . @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER wait , comedy central isnt on freeview is it ? :( also loving that i predicted this last night
id1	id2	neutral	None	back and forth at baylor ballpark . dan evatt 2 rbi single gives #baylor a 6-5 lead over texas a&m in the bottom of the 6th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i saw katie price was at the haye / chisora fight-now shes going to be @USER olympic boxing training venue on saturday - sparring !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may throw the illest fade route ... i should enter the nfl combine , lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes ! > 3 < tomorrow well see a lot of fancans about this concert <3 mblaq , cnblue , after school and others will attend this concert
id1	id2	negative	None	awww hell . it was a black cop that shot the white student at south alabama . lets all go march naked in mobile for trayvon . i mean gil .
id1	id2	negative	None	vitali klitschko stopped manuel charr in the fourth round to retain his wbc world heavyweight title saturday night . #eotpro
id1	id2	neutral	None	norqway in banff opens tomorrow mother nature rules in the canadian rockies
id1	id2	neutral	None	somehow i managed to lose my princess leia bra on saturday . im going to noel gallagher as glock at phish ie jorts&tank . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	definitely shouldve cast someone other than @USER to play drew peterson ... i wanted to be his 5th wife by the end of the movie . :/ #sexy
id1	id2	neutral	None	notions that the gap between the rich and poor in south africa is widening is a farce , sa president jacob zuma said on thursday .
id1	id2	positive	None	its wednesday ! @USER wookiee photo funny ! @USER - what makes you beautiful - one direction cover : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great to be 1st game on a sunday .. i get to watch my fave show on tv .. sarah g live magical night with sarah g .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gowns at the ready girls , q4 update tomorrow ! @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER will miss ya on the red carpet tomorrow !! #nashville
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tomorrow im making the journey to selma to celebrate pastor appreciation day/nannys birthday . better see you there
id1	id2	neutral	None	just turned tele back on and caught the end credits to saturday kitchen live #ffs #failure
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked kendrick lamar - the rave / eagles club - september 22 , 2012 ... in the the rave / eagles club app URL
id1	id2	negative	None	not going to school because yolo ... & because my essay is so not gonna be ready by tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	imaaa be gone til sunday the 19th ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	increase windows 7 performance in 4 easy steps : ... complete with windows 7 , you may find youre lacking some po ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	somehow eyeshadow smeared to the center of my forehead . i look like a participant of ash wed . and i pulled out chunks of eyelashes :/ #fuck
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i dont understand what the fucks wrong with you ! you may hate green day but dont bother the green day family with that !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im going to hong kong during that time and mama is on nov 30 . i want to see them live
id1	id2	neutral	None	ill be giving 2 presentations @USER center for photographic art in carmel , ca on sat . 11/3 URL #photography
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yer off to take son for his first day at big school . then its google analytics training for me . how was your night ?
id1	id2	positive	None	sacha baron cohen may be the funniest man on earth hahahaha
id1	id2	positive	None	just got back to the crib today wasnt so bad went to detroit and somerset
id1	id2	neutral	None	home tomorrow . all i want is wedgewood , antones , quaker , amen , olive garden , and charleys .
id1	id2	neutral	None	taking a litre of fizzy , flavoured water to bed tonight , super sunday is gonna result in a mouth like ghandis flip flop ! #gacky #rank #beer
id1	id2	positive	None	turns out saturdays match at white hart lane was ramires 100th for the club . thats a big milestone .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i am happy about the modern family wins tonight but definitely saddened by the fnl loss . also so stoked for melissa mccarthy ! :)
id1	id2	negative	None	im stuck in london again ... :( i dont wanna spend the night in mcdonalds !
id1	id2	neutral	None	raw 1,000 : rock to get a wwe championship match at the royal rumble this january URL
id1	id2	positive	None	are you coming to our book swap on thursday night ? you should , it is fucking ace : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dethklok , all that remains , machine head , and the black dahlia murder at stage ae november 8th .. highly considering going to that . #heavymetal
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER love this picture ! praying for you right now vanessa ! may the lord be your strength ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	bilbao for breakfast this sunday morning . athletic are just about to kick off at espanyol .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its all pj harvey and queens of the stone age today #nowplaying
id1	id2	neutral	None	all across the us , with live feeds down , big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to see estelle - sat 9/15 in washington , dc at dar constitution hall ! check out the tour dates here - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this seem like a long time tryin to make us 4getrt @USER june 10 trial date set for george zimmerman , trial is said to last 3wks ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	obama has a 40k early voting advantage in nevada if he gets to 80k by next mon he wins if its less than 70k he loses in between is a toss up
id1	id2	neutral	None	birminghams zulus took 800 lads to leeds today . celebrating 30th anniversary of the zulus . bet that was an eventful day then ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	lokomotiv yaroslavl were on the plane that crashed in russia this . morning . pavol demitra was likely on that flight . #canucks #khl
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i want sanchez to go away and have mota be 5th starter !
id1	id2	positive	None	this goes way too fast :o its been already a year that i saw avril lavigne in concert <3 october 25 2011 , one of the best day of my life :d
id1	id2	positive	None	big 4 with kevin , deniesse , devine , and ryan sa kick off ng pbb teen edition 4 on sunday , april 8 at 9pm . #excitedmuch !!! #biggelontv
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in somalia , the people are still waiting from the intl community strategy to develop food and agriculture after london conference
id1	id2	positive	None	take care ( geddit ) to see a celebration of harold pinter at ip on sat aug 25 with celebrated actor julian sands - 01943 609539 for tickets
id1	id2	positive	None	because the night belongs to lovers -> nuit blanche : 0 ) URL #video #art #love
id1	id2	negative	None	with all bensons attention , frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild . lets founding father him so he know we will never forget 2nd place .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#bundesliga ft bayern munich 1-2 bayer leverkusen . bayern munich drop points in the bundesliga for the 1st time this season !
id1	id2	neutral	None	see you sat at pacha buenos aires ! release yourself radio - guest mix from anil chawla by roger sanchez via #soundcloud URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tech news : apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of it ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha not majorly ... but creepin yes d : i meant to say such good things . like i would say all of those things i retweeted :p
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah your game against the ravens was a thursday night game . im sure you will pull for the giants these next 2 games
id1	id2	positive	None	final destination 5 , august 24 . death how weve missed you .
id1	id2	neutral	None	for the french fan of @USER the tvmovie : drew peterson : untouchable will be broadcasted thusday 16 october at 2:55 pm on #tf1 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ron jaworski is missing from the monday night booth . liam neeson stars in taken : 7
id1	id2	neutral	None	was sat watching degrassi then came to the realisation that little things will be aired in a while .
id1	id2	positive	None	well be at the american women of surrey #christmas fair on sunday in cobham . will sample pumpkin pie . see you there ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey come to tallahassee saturday . good , its decided then .
id1	id2	neutral	None	alex poythress had 11 points and 7 rebounds in his debut with kentucky during an exhibition game on thursday . he played 28 minutes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	effort pa friends !!! sarah g . day is down to the 3rd spot nalg . huwar patibag ! :) @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER enter our competition to win a london childrens map puzzle just follow and rt . closes tomorrow @USER pic.twitter.com/ld5hfvun
id1	id2	neutral	None	head to a #ladbrokes shop at 9am tomorrow to hear tom segal , #pricewise of the racing post preview the action at #royalascot . #horseracing
id1	id2	positive	None	mushu at the hurricane wearing tressas rockstar bday foam guitar after our show last saturday . we killed it URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im sorry she may be the queen but madonna is a bitch #gogaga
id1	id2	positive	None	what could have made sunday even better for @USER champ nick watney ? the fact that hes a huge @USER fan . #worldseries
id1	id2	neutral	None	germany refusing to bail out italy : source : polizeros.com --- saturday , august 06 , 2011zero hedge it just went f ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	how are you spending your saturday night ? im currently sitting crying my eyes out to the vow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	monta ellis / ellis provided just five points on 2-of-13 shooting thursday URL #nba #playersnews
id1	id2	positive	None	gerald green will show on a good team that hes more than just a dunker . kid can do it all . 2nd biggest surprise behind jlin #nbarank
id1	id2	negative	None	but this is not the 1st time that juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex-milan players .. cannavaro and edgar davids are similar cases
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i really like forsberg , maybe above everyone else . hopefully the pick isnt traded for sam gagner and a 7th rounder .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#dubaisaturday will be #collegefever nov 3rd . free be4 12 with college id
id1	id2	negative	None	honesty is often best policy : fabio capello , russia coach : i was hoping ronaldos injury was more serious so he couldnt play tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just signed up for a flash mob america flash mob in long beach dec 1 ! whos coming w/ me ? URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	inter , roma keep pace with wins : inter milan kept pace with serie a leaders juventus after seeing off catania 2-0 at the san siro on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	michaela at 8:23 pm on a friday , can we just watch a movie with paul rudd in it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER aww my celebrity day is this thursday also , going as jennifer hudson though :)
id1	id2	positive	None	girl singing the national anthem tonight is a boise state student . i gave her a go ducks before she went out . didnt seem to faze her .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER screen shot from the 3rd ep . of the finder . i think someone thought it was a romance novel : pic.twitter.com/cayczeqi
id1	id2	positive	None	oh snap ! another sunday pool party at shore club in miami with ryan morales , jason vernau and ollie sanders !!! well see you out there !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER u proved to be a better scriptwriter than shazia ilmi . #ramdev will end fast or move to ramlila where he has permission till 30 aug
id1	id2	neutral	None	final destination 5 opens this friday . tell us about your closest brush with death for a chance to win a pair of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait to see you guys thursday at gampel , its gonna be freakin awesome !!
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is gonna be like the super bowl for the ravens vs . steelers game
id1	id2	neutral	None	people are posting pictures of pics from the movie day after tomorrow , all like god have mercy on our souls lmfao
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i would use that in ads from now until october 31st 2012 . republicans politics first country somewhere in the top 100 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fb : warriors fans can pick up the 3rd quarter of esus 35-28 win vs west chester ( oct 6 ) right now on root sports ( directv 659 , dish 428 )
id1	id2	neutral	None	the fox shows watched moving onto a movie , george clooney no thank you . i may be one of the few on the planet who has never watched titanic
id1	id2	negative	None	nikki walker will miss rugby world cup on account of the knee injury he sustained yesterday v italy . details on URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im going to be so lost at cypress tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	being at rupp doing this walk through has me real hyped for tomorrow . get ready for the best #bbm yet
id1	id2	negative	None	i wonder what cortese is thinking after watching that 1st half of total wank ? as for boruc you are a disgrace and a complete twat . #saintsfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think every friday im going to tweet : yay degrassi tonight . #getusedtoit
id1	id2	neutral	None	michaeling : ( v ) ( a ): talking or tweeting about michael jackson a lot . examples : i was michaeling all day today .
id1	id2	positive	None	im gonna be blasting find me all day on the 14th . i hope the neighbors like christina grimmie .
id1	id2	neutral	None	daily zap okc vs san june 2nd 2012 : daily zap okc vs san june 2nd 2012 check tonights e ... URL wait 5s , pressskip ad
id1	id2	neutral	None	we are playing a one off hip hop based set without danny this saturday at plan b , brixton , alongside the dub ratz ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey ! are you going to noel fielding with us on friday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	:o rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just set my alarm ringtone with nandito ako . okay . see you tomorrow :)
id1	id2	negative	None	just bought my 1st heineken beer in las vegas . ps ive lived here for 5 yrs ~ what took me so long ! pic.twitter.com/wxvobdek
id1	id2	negative	None	mommy is leaving on sunday . didnt say shit . like i knew she was leavin , but she aint say when .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER ive got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct 8th dm me for details , please rt !
id1	id2	neutral	None	cup game this sunday , away at hamsey rangers - 10.30 k/o . tickets available on the gate on online through the ssfc website ! #ssfc #cuprun
id1	id2	negative	None	centre suffering from policy paralysis , alleges jayalalithaa : jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow !!! @USER will be playing at the strawberry festival in watsonville from 11am - 12pm ! come out and support ftd !!
id1	id2	negative	None	im sad . my shorts dont smell like vanessa anymore :( i sat there sniffing it cuz it smelled like her i need her to wash it again #macandcheese
id1	id2	positive	None	i would kiss beyonces pearl before i go too bedd every night if she wass my wife ...
id1	id2	positive	None	strangely , national margarita day is feb 22nd . think well celebrate tomorrow anyway . happy #cincodemayo !
id1	id2	positive	None	heading to putrajaya , may allah bless along the way !
id1	id2	neutral	None	food fact of the day : sept 9 , 1890 harland sanders was born near henryville , indiana . founder of kentucky fried chicken restaurant chain .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER he has 3 years left on his deal so afcs resistance may be to strong . where do you predict espanyol will finish ?
id1	id2	positive	None	going to the grammys first entertainment law breakfast here in nyc tomorrow ! im so excited . one step closer ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	* raises hand*rt @USER tomorrow by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning ... wonder who needs to hear it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	br wednesday , natchitoches thursday , fort worth friday -- its been real , but ready to get back to the flats #homestretch
id1	id2	positive	None	#icanhonestlysay #dexter is such a good show , i may order showtime just because of it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hot ! jim ross and alicia fox will be playing in the kendrick perkins celebrity poker tournament tomorrow afterno ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	now that halloween is over , read about britains traditional guy fawkes night ! remember remember the 5th of november ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching cowboys/jets game ... lets see what romo is going to do tonight ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER pondering what todo with this 512mb raspberry pi sat on my desk ! got the other two doing radio tasks !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER oh ok . pick jessica ass up too when you come . imaaa just come tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	#nowplaying wrecking ball - aubrey oday URL via @USER @USER here !!! her 1st solo video
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ay you gone release the hotelcalifornia in feb like you did with careless world ?
id1	id2	negative	None	its ages since i had kfc , well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday , that doesnt count though
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i want tang jun for christmas . i want him on valentines as well !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL real madrid sign a 7year old from argentina maybe the next messi !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	no wonder @USER coming here the 21st of nov cause he got soul train the 25th
id1	id2	positive	None	the dance parties at the boys and girls club are the closest ive been to clubbing . and some of the 4th grade girls can dance better than me
id1	id2	negative	None	the brick$quad is the yankees of 8th period english iii with doc caputo . #targetonourbacks #hatedbyall #champions
id1	id2	positive	None	morning all . just woke up to madonna on the radio with borderline . cool
id1	id2	positive	None	still my favorite pose of you , :) pancakes tomorrow , glad youre here , we missed dj marcus ! sweet dreams ! pic.twitter.com/uzlcnbpe
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday @USER ! national bieber day . now hes 18th years , but hes #stillkidrauhl #indonesiasayshbdforjustinbieber
id1	id2	positive	None	curtis painter ... we have a chance again ! cant believe kerry collins didnt throw us a pick-six tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	who would go see @USER with me at dar constitution hall on sunday evening ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	parsons also confirmed w/ tw reporter abt jlins popularity , also promised hell visit taiwan next yr URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the tour dates got updated ! fox theatre on the 24th or the 26th ? i dont want to fuck this up .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the next morning , the 8th of january , after a day and night passed at the corral , smith and ayrton returned to granite house .
id1	id2	positive	None	i wish i lived with laurin randle ... i dnt see her enough after 5th period .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	jul 82 uk heavy metal band judas priest release their 8th album screaming for vengeance , with the single youve got another thing comin .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just saw u with cannavaro , didnt know u were here in italy ! congratz for being the 2nd best in the world !!! #legend
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i think they need to line you up as an eligible receiver like jacksonville did against you guys sunday . thoughts ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER chisora ? or will he not have it ? once this 3rd defence is done and he owns the belt outright will he move up in class then ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think she said shes coming to alsip tomorrow * begins texts all my ladies *
id1	id2	positive	None	mancity strikers aguero and dzeko you better thrash bolton tomorrow night !
id1	id2	positive	None	poetic justice may just be my favorite song ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is it just me or does danny seem a lot like billy crystal in the first 1/3rd of when harry met sally ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	now that i think about it , the rams looked like gregg williams was their dc last sunday . i know how much the @USER like williams .
id1	id2	negative	None	trina will be in n.o. friday ... i stop supporting her the day i found out she was in thibodaux at the showcase lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	senior ads and quotes for the yearbook are due tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER is stadium kanyi open tomrw for the opening ceremony and abs vs tonga game ? i happen to be off duty tomorrow :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	to all my shapeshifter teammates , family and friends travelling back from hawaii today tonight and tomorrow , safe travels !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER driving back down the a1 on tues afternoon at j43 near m62 , i saw a red kite . ive never seen one north of oxford before .
id1	id2	neutral	None	join us for bed , breakfast and evening meal on monday 3rd december and have james martin cook your dinner and then come out to greet you .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER bury girls day out to the brook !! every thursday ! standard !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hello :d , greetings from mexico city ! when mblaq will come to visit the a+ mexican fans ?, is true that go to brazil on september 7 ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 194days till i see you at #believetour at london o2 arena on march 7th <3
id1	id2	positive	None	so ms. sea ( however you spell her name ) from berkmar left and now is sn ap at lanier and i skipped 4th period and stayed in her office (: lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in your defense , my love of dickens original may be regarded unnecessarily high in my eyes because of the history i have with it
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg . random bel ami tv spot - canada - itll be premiering on the movie network november 23rd :)
id1	id2	positive	None	metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22 , price is $499 : good news for metropcs cust ... URL more after redirect
id1	id2	positive	None	fancy an enhanced acca on your sunday morning ? take the 9/1 on espanyol , lazio & heracles all winning ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the glass may be rising , but its not getting any warmer here , lago del desierto , argentina URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER  URL too bad mort zuckerman does not believe in the 1st amendment nydn website evil
id1	id2	negative	None	nuit blanche is this weekend and with it comes seeing people i miss a lot . why isnt it saturday yet ?!?! #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	the final b-lg draft pick game is tonight on mnf ( espn ) . @USER ( nyj ) vs @USER ( hou ) . current leader is ken with 27 pts .
id1	id2	positive	None	this time tomorrow i will be en route to san fran with my beautiful ladyfriend @USER life is pretty excellent .
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like rooney , rvp , rio , evra , giggs and young will all be rested tomorrow . expecting a few of the youngsters to feature . #mufc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ha . finally i can add you in my circle and come to close to talk with you on 11/6 ... yeah . 1st time to see real jeremy lin .. so excited ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey emile , do you have plans to lp any more 3rd party nintendo console titles , such as fragile dreams , last story , or klonoa ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just sat in with king cake . fun times !
id1	id2	negative	None	boehner wants obama to move his speech on wed to thurs of nxt week , due to the gop debate on wed . no sense of urgency while americans suffer
id1	id2	neutral	None	#iran us delisting mko from global terrorists list in line with iran campaign : tehran , oct 30 , irna -- secretary ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels : tweet washington , nov 1 ( ians ) researchers have built the first ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : derby county v burnley 22 sep 2012 : footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as derby co ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday night lights with mitt ! URL #tcot #tlot #bcot #ccot #gop #nra #ocra #sgp #teaparty #twisters #breitbart #israel
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER bring gta3/vice city 10th anniversaries to the ps vita !
id1	id2	neutral	None	im volunteering at the 8th grade construction rodeo !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	slept for about 11 hours . i seem to be in quite an odd mood . ah well , @USER in play offs tonight ( 2am ) and jack white on sunday !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	1st free . edom taken away . cant buy your size of soft drinks . 2nd . religious freedom for catholics . next ? obama ... coming for you
id1	id2	neutral	None	all across the us , with live feeds down , big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months .
id1	id2	neutral	None	: hatebreed & lamb of god , tonight . asap rocky , tonight . converge , tonight . a lot going on for a tuesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	every thursday i fall more and more in love with maya rudolph
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER kenot . same night . am doing java jazz for sure . can always catch the foos some other time . the jazz greats ? not likely .
id1	id2	positive	None	that singers in action in concert this thursday at the hammerstein is gon be epic ! beres hammond , sanchez & wayne wonder ... jeezus ! #legends
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes . mexico .! im not from nikaragua . lma0 . i swear idk were yu got that from .. im not even dark .! on the 17th( =
id1	id2	positive	None	if your in huntsville that halloween discount is valid in person jus hit me up & youll get it tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	just wrote a great song with mitch daniels ! really looking forward to performing it with him on thursday ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my best friend and i sat there listening to all of your videos and the ones with christina grimmie last night and were awestruck
id1	id2	positive	None	midweek service tonight ! 7:15 gulport 7:00 wiggins . there is not a better place to be on wednesday night than church !! see ya soon
id1	id2	neutral	None	wednesday and thursdays will be a struggle at work once the champions league resumes * gmt +1 *
id1	id2	positive	None	my mom just texted me reminding me that grammys birthdays tomorrow .. how could i ever forget ? #biggestdayoftheyear
id1	id2	neutral	None	singsnap | one night with you by jclabb in the style of elvis presley URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to destructo at rise in boston , ma - sep 28 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cowboys starters could play into the second quarter against san diego chargers on sunday night : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget the classical brit awards at 10pm tonight for a special appearance of the 25th anniversary cast of phantom for 26th bday ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrows goal : do my hair like amy lees on the my immortal music video :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	bashaara graves had 17 points and 15 rebounds in her debut with tennessee in an exhibition game on thursday . she played 23 minutes .
id1	id2	positive	None	need a break from studying ? come to @USER kickball tournament tomorrow at 4:30 - 6:30 pm ! behind the jc >>> be there ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	come to mtsu football fan day tomorrow from 2-4 pm at murphy center ! meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks !
id1	id2	neutral	None	made it to az in one piece ... quite the quick drive . tomorrow grand canyon or sedona ?
id1	id2	positive	None	is paul george gonna take the t-mac step in his 3rd year ? hope so
id1	id2	positive	None	why would you still wear shorts when its this cold ?! i love how britain sees a bit of sun and theyre like oooh lets strip !
id1	id2	neutral	None	of course its aston villa . played them off the park on saturday . bring it on !
id1	id2	positive	None	wifey & princess are going up to grandas for thanksgiving today . i go sunday . i think ill watch goon !
id1	id2	negative	None	will evelyn ever finish her hw ? the world may never know
id1	id2	neutral	None	today , life will be just like an episode of 60 minutes ... but with a young , cheerful andy rooney .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER this is one of my favourite things about chesters , the pizzas taste fantastic ! alternative to a sunday lunch ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	leaving the n.o. early tomorrow to get to hammond !
id1	id2	negative	None	desperation day ( february 13th ) the most well known day in all mens life .
id1	id2	positive	None	ive always loved spc , now know as spu . im excited to attend the career fair tomorrow ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	a new favorite : jason vernau live @USER march 16 th 2012 miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera & friends URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i knw my ish !... kev hart voice ... lol ! happy sunday ! rt @USER lol :-p rt @USER if kevin hart make u ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha black dahlia was my favorite song by them too !! i miss you too . are you still going to miss may i ?? :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rihannas drummer announced that rih is going perform on saturday night live !!! #slay
id1	id2	neutral	None	gym n the a.m. taking my baby to the park tomorrow then studio !!! goodnight !! maybe
id1	id2	negative	None	police , protesters clash at republic day march in turkey : on a day marking the 89th anniversary of the founding ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in her hands-on workshop session at the 11th international cloud expo , diane mueller , the cloud evangelist for a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the impatient and arrogant mars / jupiter opposition has separated , but may still get one last go when conjuncted by the moon tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER haha the bucs cmon the t wolves are way better than them love rubio ak 47 derrick williams b roy !! shved is good 2
id1	id2	negative	None	congress lashes out at bjp over coal block issue : lashing out at the bharatiya janata party on wednesday for its ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	show em what it isrt @USER love it when scouts be at our practice .. i counted 4 today .. broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer aniston shows shes prada her figure at fashion bash - the sun : the sunjennifer aniston shows shes pra ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i love football season !! lets get it !! high school games friday night ... nfl games sunday !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 29th 1995 was the time that that young savage had arrived
id1	id2	negative	None	i never had a good time , i sat by my bedside , with papers & poetry about estella .
id1	id2	negative	None	as some of you may know , we have a fish tank & this little guy is named jeff carter . sadly , i think hes dying URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	economic timeswashing hands will keep the doctor awaydawn . comislamabad , oct 15 : the world banks strategic environmental assessment r ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	i sat through this whole movie just for harry and ron at christmas . ohlawd
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to be on the 360 tonight ?? been awhile since the whole gang have kicked it on gears3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just like the sun and the stars and the sea , true love will go on through eternity . sweetheart you are my super star . kisses , star
id1	id2	positive	None	this is a most excellent wed ! the 2 boxes of portos goodies that just showed up at studio re-enforcing this ! #redvelvetcupcakebreakfast
id1	id2	neutral	None	sungkyunkwan scandal on abs-cbn .. i just finished the series yesterday .. :))) i may sound like a spoiler now < evil laugh >
id1	id2	neutral	None	filming all day tomorrow , i need rest ... but i need to finish act of valor
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ pagasa ] 6:39 am intermittent light to occasionally moderate rains over southern portions of negros , cebu & bohol may persist for the next ...
id1	id2	negative	None	giants 3rd-round pick failed drug test at nfl combine : jayron holsey knew it would hurt him bec ... URL #newyork #sports
id1	id2	negative	None	realized that ive just spent halloween , super bowl sunday , and my last two birthdays either in the library , or in a computer lab ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nick diaz is da best ! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in 6th grade ! fuck yeah !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey mick ! do you know what time youll be signing in indianapolis on the 18th ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	this new shirt , with a quote from dr. seuss , reminds us that weird we may be , but love is just as weird ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im going to be the black dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fact of the day ; halloween night is papa johns second busiest night of the year behind super bowl sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the run time for final destination 5 is 1 hour and about 33 mins . it is premiering at the chinese theatre tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	make sure to check out the weekly fridays round - up of book signings , interviews and reviews over at the oak ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no dont ! i have to fit into a tomb raider costume next wednesday ! save it for the #cakecrawl !
id1	id2	neutral	None	india is the 132nd country out of 185 countries in the world to do business easily , by world bank ! singapore is the 1st and 4th is usa !
id1	id2	positive	None	trying to leave , im only 10 minutes late ( so far ) - still need to dash to the ladies room . cant wait to hear who is on dwts tonight !
id1	id2	negative	None	i guess knicks/heat is on for now . pretty clear that tomorrows game wasnt going to happen .
id1	id2	neutral	None	were thinking of running on the australia day weekend in january . is this a good or bad idea ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER and i live in zachary , but i might try to stay with someone next friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	yall be sure to download that yehive app on friday too . were trying to put msu and starkville on the map .
id1	id2	neutral	None	who going to the lions game friday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i may record the first few episodes of the next lp tomorrow . wanted to get more info ready , but im think im good with what i have .
id1	id2	neutral	None	now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight its comming out nov 2nd 2012 #lateshow with david letterman
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you could also try allium moly which may have or may not have been what odysseus used to counter circes magic .
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday night live jeopardy skits with will ferrell >
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER who starts college on 15th its like prison on independence day . thought shes just 2yrs elder den u
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tolonews tolonews 08 october 2012 : top news in this bulletin : the international committee of the ... URL #afghanistan
id1	id2	neutral	None	amazon has just opened its black friday store more on business news by cheryl ceballos URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i hate asap on friday !!! why i have busy always in the end of week :(
id1	id2	positive	None	dear @USER and @USER finally tomorrow dream high 2 will be aired in my country ... finally i can see you again^^ miss u alot ~ ~
id1	id2	neutral	None	a quote from 23 yrs . ago today -- republicans understand the importance of bondage between parent & child ... man , i miss dan quayle .
id1	id2	negative	None	uk : chancellor osborne try to sneak into 1st class train with standard ticket - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like the ipad mini will be released 11/2 . and apple ordered 10 million for q4 alone . holy cow . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks ! @USER join dean @USER on tues 10/16 from 4- 5:30 in bdr for the deans q-tea in honor of natl coming out day #bsulife
id1	id2	neutral	None	please join lpg and good start genetics for a legal town hall cocktail reception monday @USER pm at the marriott marquis mission hills room .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER and the same station that will air new episodes of cougar town in january ! @USER has been good to us , jordan . #pennycan
id1	id2	negative	None	when mr. craig said sunday night was officially the last day of marching band . < <
id1	id2	neutral	None	#callmatterface i want to talk about how desperate luca modric is to leave spurs he ransacked tottenham last night .
id1	id2	positive	None	chargers pre season game with the seahawks on espn thursday . only pre season but still good to have nfl back on tv . #chargers
id1	id2	negative	None	hello there , i hear that the stinking working class , were rioting in london last night , do you see why im in italy , bloody rif raf . hear hear
id1	id2	positive	None	gotta love being catholic , sitting in a lutheran church on reformation sunday . i guess the catholics pushed it with the whole pay for sin
id1	id2	positive	None	freestyle wednesday - #np big l , jay z , mos def , black thought , eminem , yelawolf ... love it
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did danica tell you that there not stunting tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching the eli young band on the cmas right now .. about this time tomorrow i will be watching them in person in starkville !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	walk folder has monk charts/tracks @USER --- quartet session this saturday --- listen to the record
id1	id2	positive	None	so 1st official day of football ! so excited ! cant wait for some jets football monday night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	halftime here at the san siro . still 0-0 . can the 2nd half produce goals ?
id1	id2	negative	None	omg the music video comes out tomorrow ! btw i still cant get over harrys voice :) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER absolutely nothing will , they will be best friends forever :) when they won the nta award for the 10th year that has to be ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	nicki miinaj talks to robin roberts on good morning america : nicki minaj performed for the good morning america ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	curtis painters finally going to get a shot tonight . i cant help but root for that guy !
id1	id2	positive	None	lovely day in edmonton . game cancelled today . looking forward to tomorrow . pic.twitter.com/ifhq65ju
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to some march fourth marching band madness tonight at @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to ryder cup captain @USER for his 6 under 64 in thursdays opening round of the honda classic . keep it going !
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd successive #wt20 winner against #pakistan in the semi-finals has lost the final
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st game in brooklyn and i want to see brook lopez
id1	id2	positive	None	oooh yha and the dmc and a$ap rocky one is 2-4th
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 15th anniversity kuya gloc9 you are number 1 rapper and francis m . ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	gunna snow . wc says winter storm watch till 5pm tomorrow .. it was 80*f yesterday
id1	id2	positive	None	this looks like a nice place to spend a friday afternoon ... chalet of the week , chardon , val disere ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	todays #triviathrusday is the first i didnt have to look up ... who doesnt know steve jobs worked at atari !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks for the follow . you may need a super rope cinch for hunting . ted nugent loves it . check out URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bolton society for blind people are bringing vegas to bolton with a charity dinner on 23 sep URL please rt xx #bsbp
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER yup . then we have the strawberry festival in late feb/early mar . its fl . :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	imaaa make moves tomorrow !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER it is predicted that the winter classic and the all-star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday .. fuck !!! #endthelockout
id1	id2	neutral	None	please remember that the deadline for the 1st quarter box tops for education and our trash for cash fundraiser is ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tonights the decider -- will i be at the garden friday night for knicks/heat game 6 ? heres hoping for a miracle ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER when we were in 3rd grade she stole my valentine day cards and crossed my name out and put hers on them n passed em out .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lmaooo not even it was most def in like 8th grade i think ? when i went to berkmar !
id1	id2	neutral	None	steve jobs : source : URL --- sunday , august 14 , 2011you cant just ask customers what they wa ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#lazyweb should i get up early and avoid giants fans on caltrain or just work from home tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lowrys getting $12 mil over 2 years , lins getting $25 over 3 but $14.8 mil in the 3rd year . id say toronto got better value .
id1	id2	neutral	None	french president hollande to meet with world bank : french president francois hollande holds talks on monday with ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	besides the game 1 2nd quarter knicks vs heat game ... this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro . smh
id1	id2	neutral	None	blog post : mtvs teen mom 2 returns for an intense third season with chelsea , jenelle , kailyn and leah on monday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	support ceo keith bradshaw as he spends a night sleeping at adelaide oval on thursday raising money for the homeless URL
id1	id2	negative	None	uniontown all ready has a 2 hour delay tomorrow smh brownsville is gonna be the only school that dont have shit
id1	id2	neutral	None	played the song aint no need to worry ( album version ) by the winans on @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	lpg consumers can now fill up kyc form till nov 15 : the government has extended by 15 days the deadline for filling ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	aw what the hell curtis painter coming in and we give up 3rd and 18 conversion .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh shit you just reminded me . i have work at 11 tomorrow at woodchicks and a call in at 1 at vans . could you cover it ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yeah , but one of them is an old lady who looks like a jim henson creature left out in the sun .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone want to see knife party , tommy trash , kill the noise , style of eye , baauer & destructo on oct 26 in nyc ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER id recommend just turning it off and waiting for verlander tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	you may know them as the crazy boys on nickelodeon , but i know them as my whole world and idols , big time rush .
id1	id2	neutral	None	is the band white arrows good ? might go see them on friday #justwondering
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have played through mass effect 3 16times and just started my 17th run only diffrence thia time is default femshep xd
id1	id2	positive	None	a signed tom boonen shirt is only one of the items in the #eyclassics auction . curious for more ? joing us this sunday ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in other news ... theyre announcing the houston rodeo lineup on the 30th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	come celebrate indias independence day at new jerseys official india day parade on august 14th 2pm oak tree road in the iselin sectio ...
id1	id2	positive	None	25 yrs ago , blessed pope john paul ii visited the archdiocese of detroit -- the 1st papal visit to mi in history . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	second last show of the season , 19th annual gift of art , with the artists of the #kanata civic #art #gallery . stop in ! pic.twitter.com/bkqnxec0
id1	id2	neutral	None	inter milan transfer rumours : 5 players linked to the san siro in january : inter milan have started their new ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	australian directioners , little things will be played on the radio at 5pm on monday afternoon on the hits radio .
id1	id2	positive	None	wichita state evens match 1-1 with 25-18 2nd set win . watch live at URL or follow at URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	all black tonight . 1st carroll & richwood game ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	state farm agent scott keller placed 53rd today of all 1st year agents in the us ! a pool of some 1500 agents . #top100
id1	id2	positive	None	monday night football - gary neville did well even if at times he was like a train spotter talking about the female clitoris . #itsnoteasy
id1	id2	neutral	None	everyone go to volleyball game monday at 7 in the ac @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	nasdaq follows new york stock exchange by announcing it will reopen tomorrow after superstorm #sandy kept them closed for two days
id1	id2	neutral	None	was ready to tune in and watch my thursday night comedy on channel 4 and then the tv guide tells me the voice is on ... dammit .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 13th birthday to one of my favorite boys , zachary ! hes growing up so fast , hes almost as tall as me . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#atl its #leo season ! this sunday turnup @USER lounge ! free entry 4 everybody all night !!! rsvpfirstclas @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	up the reds today evening as the arsenals girls well lead the way into meadow park to face everton , tough game we must get full 3 points !
id1	id2	positive	None	interesting that gregg williams affadavit was just signed on friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah , imma be in vegas from 18th-23rd so i just want a dinner in dallas with friends
id1	id2	positive	None	fantastic friday at nca ! school was dismissed early due to preparation for our homecoming game tonight ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow : thoughts to wafer thin mints : saturday at the black dog URL #yegmusic
id1	id2	neutral	None	da way aaron rodgers lookin greenbay may take it again
id1	id2	neutral	None	... including former kings forward pavol demitra , former kings prospect jan marek and many other members of the nhl family .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer aniston , justin theroux high end shopping ; time to decorate the crib : tuesday , e ! online shared the vid ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hide in country clubs all u want boehner ! reverserobocall.com launching soon & im one of 1st in line ! join me . #launch URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER relaxing ? u have a match with chelsea tomorrow . oh , i see . u dont wanna get owned by chelseas youngsters like bale did . #shame #cfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	august 13th #photooftheday is #animal . let me explain this one . every year before the iditarod , we have a r URL
id1	id2	positive	None	whoop whoop it is kids eat free wednesday !! swing into obriens irish pub | plant city , tonight for kids eat free ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pics of the march fourth marching band at the oregon country fair closing out the show sunday night . their ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	just found a piece of candy that may have been injected with something . #why
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER could you wish a friend happy birthday ? :) his name is laurin ! its his 18th birthday and hes a big fan . thanks in advance !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the schools are also in the middle of istep testing , so they may not be able to get back to you yet
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i hope you start on saturday , no coincidence our best performances of the season vs swansea & nufc you started . #avfc #utv
id1	id2	neutral	None	departure of ship : stanford provider port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 5:03 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the ves ...
id1	id2	positive	None	im excited for the new tomb raider game even though it comes out in march . theyre talking it back to the start dont you know ?
id1	id2	positive	None	today is the day lol 2nd annual fish fry @USER bangs URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	our football season preview shows start airing tonight on the mtn .. half-hour , each program .. the latest on boise state also on tonights msr .
id1	id2	neutral	None	austin wore his yolo shirt for the 15th time in a month .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im serious hawaii is the best vacation spot come in like march :) tickets are cheaper on monday
id1	id2	neutral	None	why not join us for breakfast this morning at 9am for the opening game of the 2011 rugby world cup as host nation new zealand play tonga
id1	id2	neutral	None	#favouritemoviequotes after all , tomorrow is another day ! bill murray , groundhog day
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see @USER in south africa on the 14th dude is on another level ... check this out URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the mta should cost less at night . i think i waited more than 45 minutes . and its pretty freaking hot underground . thanks . #nycproblems .
id1	id2	neutral	None	pottstown and pottsgrove school districts closed on tuesday due to the hurricane .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER deaaall lets do it on monday and get adalet and jenelle to judge ! you might wanna start practising now :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	the daily zap : catch highlights from mondays action in the nba . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th w ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	why doesnt obama just sign an executive order that declares the u.s. has aaa rating ? i mean , cmon ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	come check out @USER at the black dahlia on saturday night ! its going to be a party !
id1	id2	neutral	None	breaking m&a news today : canadas potash corp . in talks with israels netanyahu on merger with israel chemicals . that may be worth + $13.5 bln
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will be on sarah g live this sunday . don`t forget to watch :3 . she will have her first ever duet with sarah g . :p
id1	id2	negative	None	lady gaga fears classmates : los angeles , nov 1 ( ians ) singer lady gaga is still in touch with some people from h ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	a script by the coen brothers . alan rickman naked . just a few of the things going for gambit ( out nov 21st ) ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the last place i wanna be going is jacksonville tomorrow ... ugh
id1	id2	positive	None	ricky martin may be gay but hes sexy af !!! :d
id1	id2	negative	None	omg really ? anything microsoft keeps fucking freezing on my machine ! what the fuck ??? today is not the day for this shit to happen .
id1	id2	neutral	None	after seeing @USER tweet about watching the vow , i think i may need to watch it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER guys hes the 1st among 2pm members :) eng sub 2pm ok taecyeon #23 top 100 idol countdown on youtube URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	state tv : requests 2 join israel gas deal trial to the one today under judge ahmed refaat . next well add amanda knox trial to refaats !
id1	id2	neutral	None	to follow up on last tweet , bills dt kyle williams expected to play sunday . just resting the ankle during the week .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aladdin looked very happy in the field today , and came over to say hi when we rode round the jumps :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	police : you have the right to remain silent . what ever you say may be hel against you me : harry styles
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lorenzo beasley . he was killed on july 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and king dr.
id1	id2	positive	None	ricky ponting says hes in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on ... - herald sun URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	also ... sun belt barn burner on the u ... mtsu just took a kick to the house to go up 34-27 on western kentucky @USER #mtsu
id1	id2	negative	None	fox chicago , you make me angry . playing the vikings vs redskins over the nfc championship rematch 49ers vs giants tomorrow ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER apaz theres a college party on friday at the joseph wright building and its open until 3 in the morning xxx
id1	id2	negative	None	h&m delivery is so shit . i ordered things and paid extra for next day delivery on saturday and it still hasnt come
id1	id2	neutral	None	real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sundays la liga trip to real mallorca , with sami khedira , ...
id1	id2	negative	None	it looks like a beautiful night to throw myself off the brooklyn bridge -- @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	my momma is going to see banda limon at the pico rivera sports arena tomorrow without me :( shes taking sarah with her :/
id1	id2	positive	None	friday night in & the notebook is on .. better get the tissues ready ! #lovestory #noah &ali #tears
id1	id2	positive	None	weezys carter iv out on the 29th ! lets fuckin go
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER yeah , its on netflix i think now . i still like the futuristic and action concepts even today .
id1	id2	positive	None	maino and the mafia love at #infinity tomorrow for #hustlehardwednesdays w/ @USER @USER @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi , would you contact me about a medical travel event at the ritz carlton san fran tomorrow ? i need bloggers and tweeters .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER jean , tomorrow is free kissing day ! :) nothing . just wanna tell you that
id1	id2	positive	None	remember to tune into this weeks #legend quest on #syfy tonight . the team are on the trail of merlin and king solomon - what a fine blend !
id1	id2	positive	None	a big congrats to kevin mccarthy who was victorious on saturday in the presidents day comp with a fine performance of very steady golf .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the galaxy s iii will be available in select stores this weekend , and in all metropcs stores and online on monday the 22nd . -jg
id1	id2	neutral	None	foreign minister surapong to file complaint against democrats with police on mon at 3pm
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its the cool , tasty ice cream sandwich upgrade URL it may take some getting used to since its new . ^th
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER harold and the purple crayon , although it may be for slightly younger . and anything by dr. seuss is always quality .
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to the game tomorrow at flowing wells high school ? (: marana v.s fw (: #homecoming
id1	id2	neutral	None	#winnipegjets bogosian ready to bring it on with jets - winnipeg sun URL
id1	id2	positive	None	love shepard faireys work and in particular this portrait of bob dylan , the reluctant spokesman : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thnx for the follow ! the chronicles of jan sound hilarious ! love the tribe of periscopes . very douglas adams .
id1	id2	neutral	None	live blog - friday , november 2 at noon edt : the breeders cup is here . join , tom , pete , and frank to talk about ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	google wallet is coming to metropcs , so now you wont need to sign a contract to have your identity stolen . more jokes : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER come party with us & young dro next sunday august 7th black lion atl 253 auburn ave . free vodka shot mention code 917 . @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	terrible play call on 2nd and 7 . victor cruz on a slant ? te ? nicks sideline ? how about any of those ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	thats it for the week . ill talk again later after i my mb and cs class . in other news simcity is a passalong and venus goes over the sun .
id1	id2	positive	None	last day to buy spc cards is tomorrow ! please support so were able to give you an awesome halloween !
id1	id2	neutral	None	6 - louis saha is going to play for his 6th premier league club , only marcus bent , andy cole & wayne routledge have played for more . travel .
id1	id2	positive	None	sundays !!! great tv watching day ! i got mobwives , rhoatl , kandi factory , klo&lamar , im a reality tv junkie !
id1	id2	neutral	None	while leaving 4th block i saw joe in class , i yelled joe & he came out and just looked at me . i interrupted him talking 2 a teacher whoops
id1	id2	positive	None	even though there is rampage tonight , a gig tomorrow the best thing about my weekend will be seeing @USER #loveyou
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont know if its been reported but several members of arsenals u15 team had to be put in restraints after a late night brawl in sweden
id1	id2	negative	None	strip club owner guessing well make 5 times as much a night .. republicans got plenty of money . they take it all from poor people #duh
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey im coming home tomorrow to surprise lauren so dont tell her but im going to need you or someone to let me in
id1	id2	neutral	None	finished season 3 of the league and am now finally watching act of valor . operation lazy saturday night nearing completion .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will you be at cypress tomorrow night ?
id1	id2	positive	None	kerry collins may look like an old mouse ... and hold on to the ball like one ... but is a curtis painter experiment really that much better ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	download the unscene app for all the info for the halloween party in covina hills fri . nite URL pic.twitter.com/q8bz1kpf
id1	id2	positive	None	vh1s storytellers is coming back on nov 11 , my birthday ! coincidence ? nah , someone just finally loves me .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER this may sound melodramatic , but andrew breitbart dying was one of the worst shocks of my life .
id1	id2	negative	None	big mix up people , channing tatum is not here , its just anthonee bercik , autographs tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	on 17th anniversary of rabin assassination , netanyahu calls murder one of the worst crimes of the new age URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER according to reporters on the scene , lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury . sry bro
id1	id2	neutral	None	im pretty sure if someone said i can give you a cute boyfriend or free olive garden every saturday that id choose the garden #noshame
id1	id2	positive	None	mbn reveals #10 in #orlrank tomorrow ( top 10 players in magic franchise history ) . cant wait to reveal who it is .
id1	id2	neutral	None	getting ready to head to pico rivera to meet up with my #halloween stylist @USER trying to get a look together by tomorrow night !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER see you tomorrow in port charles hope youre enjoying big brother :)
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to all my babies taking history and physics tomorrow ! may the force be with you ! make history !
id1	id2	positive	None	#twitition mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata !!! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the ball of fire draws you in you flow liquid hot the sun shines down youre in nirvana
id1	id2	neutral	None	continued : emmanuel adebayor has not travelled with the squad for our europa league away tie in greece tomorrow evening .
id1	id2	positive	None	the beauty of sun news ! sun tv bagging ipl contract is a breaking news on #ndtv while sun news is busy talking about jayalalithaa ! #tn
id1	id2	negative	None	afghans protest against french cartoons , us film : hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ready to see the sixers play the nuggets tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	come check out the smp allstars scenecity this friday , 150 pine st ne atlanta 30308 . saturday reggae party jett lounge 3701 clairmont atl
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope yall not sleeping on the #blackout homecoming party this friday at club pulse . shit is really bout to crinack .
id1	id2	neutral	None	went to see the psychedelic sun ra arkestra last night at the barbican centre . #trippin
id1	id2	neutral	None	now : theres only one roger johnson to winter wonderland . but now a wed corner ... which ends with mattock rifling high into the south bank .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so glad i watched a good paul rudd movie instead ! ( i might have sat through this mess if paul rudd was in it and her love interest )
id1	id2	neutral	None	were going to bali tomorrow lol pic.twitter.com/55xlqizv
id1	id2	neutral	None	presidents day tomorrow . come on down , there might even be cricket to watch before the festivities .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER march 1st is national bieber day ! wooohooo ! :) [ like it ? URL ]
id1	id2	neutral	None	liverpool football club roll out the red carpet for the rnli . nov 30th . joe longthorne , asa murphy . tickets 32.50 . send msg for tickets .
id1	id2	positive	None	tell me you aint excited ! the twins in eurosong final ! they gonna win the 1st place ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#edshow if you think romney is throwing the sink , you shouldve seen selma in august . the incumbent had republican backing ...
id1	id2	positive	None	yaaayy !! :d rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august
id1	id2	negative	None	im going home and throwing this up ... my diet starts tomorrow . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to infinitys iain veitch who competes in the taiwan #ironman70 . 3 on saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	| URL | premier league team of the week : van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szcze ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well , on the bright side , you may end up with the 5dmk iii with a discount .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER not necessarily . in nevada it may help obama because its one less vote for romney . but i know what you mean hah .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER any word on when the raiders will be releasing their depth chart for thursday ?
id1	id2	negative	None	totally going to the marijuana march in dt cleve brb . #not
id1	id2	positive	None	clever ! || australian captain michael clarke teams up with louis vuitton in special cricket trunk design | herald sun : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	asiikk :d rt @USER kung fu panda 2 ( in 2d & 3d , both with indonesian subtitles ) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just heard youre coming to calgary on the 23rd !! best news ever !! youre going to kill it man !! :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER yeah im not to sure about klass -jan think hell be an andy carroll type striker -bang em in or flop
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday to the coolest golfer in bali ! @USER !! :) may you become cooler and cooler everyday ! stay humble little sister ! xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	so im gonna go see destructo on the 16th and probs pop some pills cause i slightly miss my raving days . #lightshow anyone ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	smooches from fido : yea or nay ? - july 6th was international kissing day ( of the human sort ) . later in the month , ca ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i just came back from mexico city ... i will fail 2 subjects for not going to school for a week . if rih comes to mexico in the 14th . omg ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	cloud computing : whiptail talks big data & the speed of life at cloud expo - soa wolrd : the 10th ... URL #bigdata #cloud
id1	id2	neutral	None	who going to club bodi tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	#flexthursday !! dis thursday !!! wit @USER @USER crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit #pinkcity !, :-)
id1	id2	negative	None	re : @USER what the heck was obama doing for the 1st 2 years when democrats controlled everything ?!!! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will you be joking the naugles to be for dinner on saturday night at olive garden for kayla jos b-day ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	gonna go to the north game tomorrow night . i better see some of you north kiddos
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER on the tv it said nikon was closed tomorrow ten it disappeared ... but did we have english hw ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	spacious 4 bdr 2 bth home with upstairs bonus room . large 3rd acre lot on quiet cul-de-sac . upstairs bdr has room ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	meryl streep is like the coolest woman ever !! i want to be related to her ! may go watch #itscomplicated
id1	id2	neutral	None	tepco un chief in japan as nuclear crisis simmers : un chief ban ki-moon arrived in japan on sunday , where he pl ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#3dt make sure you find your self at the s.e.c this thursday for $3 thursdays !! $3 w/ college id $5 w/ reg id til 11pm !!! #iparty
id1	id2	positive	None	kerri will be helping out the families in long beach tomorrow . if anyone has water , clothes , non perishables ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pacino might play paterno in the psu movie . itll be the 2nd movie in his career w/ the phrase say hello to my little friend . #scarfacial
id1	id2	neutral	None	off to st. johns to help coach the girls softball team ! iqaluit on wednesday #lastweekendhome
id1	id2	negative	None	january jones in jason wu : usually i adore januarys red carpet looks but this isnt for me . nude with black mesh = meh pic.twitter.com/mv5nl3h3
id1	id2	neutral	None	#asimplelife opens tomorrow at lees 4-star in san fran - roger ebert called it one of the years best films URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the bulls are going to kick the kings asses tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	pakistan cricket board hopeful of bangladesh visit : karachi : pakistans cricket board said on sunday it hopes to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	here is a message from senator with info that may help , dear friend : i am writing because you have corresponded ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	going to make some food and watch act of valor . spending my friday night relaxing .
id1	id2	neutral	None	australian directioners ! does anyone know what time the mtt premire is tomorrow ? xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	-- michael jackson - remembering june 13th URL #onlymjfansunderstand i love you michael jackson
id1	id2	negative	None	remember when i sat through that horrible show breakout kings just because t-bag ? #worthit
id1	id2	positive	None	hey minnesota , wisconsin or iowa ... were wide open on august 19th & 20th on the route back from minneapolis . if ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER dead on point . u couldnt expect to sweep with verlander pitching ... now if u get lucky tomorrow , its gravy and huge .
id1	id2	neutral	None	knicks vs celtics until they take out melo then gonna watch the yankees game . guess its looking like a sports saturday night .
id1	id2	positive	None	random friday fun : where in scotland , does legend have it , that merlin the wizard died ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	august 28 im playing a los angeles charity event at bootleg theater ... mia kirshner of vampire diaries heading it up . come out !
id1	id2	neutral	None	rockets today with new team of asik , jeremy lin , and james harden !!! watching only 1st quarter then leaving to and party
id1	id2	neutral	None	kevin bacon , paul rudd and 8 other stars to appear in friday the 13th or halloween movies URL via @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	niggas is having 7th grade fights on here you in high school i cant even deal .
id1	id2	neutral	None	looking for something to do before the colts tomorrow nite ? take the circle city tour -- $15 hop-on/hop-off access all day !
id1	id2	negative	None	my teachers call themselves givng us candy ... wasnt even the good stuff . i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow/
id1	id2	neutral	None	its presidents day at the white house thursday . barack obama hosts george w . bush for unveiling of portrait . george h.w. bush there too .
id1	id2	positive	None	last tweet of the night , reading will not lose to spurs tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it will be good for hoop so get ready dec . 25 u kno we will c lakers vs heat
id1	id2	negative	None	i officialy hate windows 7 , it just sucks on my laptop . back to xp tomorrow ! ( and also a huge delay for the movie again :/ , was so close ! )
id1	id2	positive	None	scott & evelyn swanson , both work for fema . happy to host trick-treaters tonight , evelyn heads out tomorrow URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	daily zap : april 3rd : daily zap : april 3rd check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have a game friday at the knicks then back home in miami on saturday against the nuggets #teamheat #heatnation
id1	id2	neutral	None	morrison and truth tonight ? i thought that match would be at summerslam . oh well . #raw
id1	id2	neutral	None	cowboys vs chargers on the practice field today and tomorrow . play sunday night 7:00 pm central at cowboys stadium .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER since et went via bkk and has 5th freedom rights ( which can load/unload pax ) , its a indirect flight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its wednesday !! you know what that means ... new episodes of the challenge : battle of the seasons & american horror story : asylum !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER down to blaze with joe and i tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	im excited for trunk or treat tomorrow ( nov 2 ) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown . it will start at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	vampire diaries and jersey shore tonight . so first we see some hotties then we fist pump with hotties .. sounds great !!! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	yup its national bieber day , cuz our baby just turned 18 @USER #loveyaforevernalways
id1	id2	neutral	None	work till friday .. then new york for the weekend ... then pauls wit @USER nd @USER then clemson
id1	id2	negative	None	by botching case against lieberman , israels ag may have made way for his union with netanyahu URL
id1	id2	negative	None	doing some serious sucking up tonight so i can go harrys tomorrow :( @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good ! well summerslam is on early monday morning live here at 1am so il be up watchin it for the great one .. #teambringit
id1	id2	negative	None	silent house was ass , when a stranger calls was ass , the woman in black was ass and friday the 13th is also ass
id1	id2	neutral	None	meet the man making a documentary defending joe paterno : URL ( he may look familiar )
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ill cry with you . im having problems not being salty about this alive tour tomorrow . i cant even listen to any big bang .
id1	id2	neutral	None	may as well sign up scott dann and roger johnson whilst your at it .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wow ! youre also a percy jackson fan ! :-) the 4th book of heroes of olympus will be entitled house of hades @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great conversation with a guy at 16th & mission after he gave me his last book for world book day . it was nifty , dude !
id1	id2	positive	None	this years nba schedule got me pumped for the season . knicks vs . nets in its 1st nbas battle of new york . we already know its nyk town .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment : jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami ci ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you know rih is having a halloween party tomorrow in la ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh yes , all italy make vacation in august incl . the soccer teams :))
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st one = thunder cats , the skull with fire = ghost rider and i think the one below the skull is captain planet :)
id1	id2	positive	None	watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing ive seen tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER ommmggg youre alwayyyz in my hrt babi gurl . see you tomorrow !?
id1	id2	negative	None	distins derby disappointment : sylvain distin has voiced his frustration at taking just a point from sundays mersey ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	seeing carrie underwood on the cmas is making me beyond excited for saturday night , carrie and hunter hayes , here we come !! :) @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	quick panch run with dozer and ying turns into me getting home at 1230 on monday . #collegeproblems
id1	id2	neutral	None	typical saturday afternoon , hanging with steve whitmire - who plays kermit , ernie , rizzo the rat , and others pic.twitter.com/lw27dlvj
id1	id2	positive	None	happy monday ! stop by volare tonight for roasted duck ! half roasted crispy duck served with baby spinach and ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its known , if you were born in november , your parents were getting it in on valentine day !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sensationalism at its finest . next thing you know well be hearing that graham harrell may take aaron rodgers spot . smh .
id1	id2	neutral	None	and apparently its also national bieber day ( young justins 18th birthday ) as well as st davids day and #worldbookday
id1	id2	positive	None	proper buzzing to watch the vow with @USER tomorrow ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	hey @USER members , did you miss your shot at leonard cohen tix this morning on @USER @USER will have more for you on sunday !
id1	id2	positive	None	reasons to celebrate : forcing the turnovers : the game sunday between the new york giants and ... URL #nfl #nyg #giants
id1	id2	positive	None	mom , can i miss a1 on thursday ? if you love me youll say yes . #hopefultweet
id1	id2	positive	None	i was thrilled when melissa mccarthy won an emmy last night . she called me today to talk about her big win . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	surprisingly , i will still bob my head to anything from mick jagger to son of sardar . yes , you may judge me now .
id1	id2	neutral	None	interview on vow fm tomorrow morning ... do tune in and hear the kid out !!! cc @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	droid bionic confirmed for september 8th : while most of the united states had its eyes on the east cost last nig ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like sports teams owners r studying the congressional playbook . 1st the nfl , now the nba , lock out players/threatening the season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	trying to go out tonight !!! where is there to go out here in dallas ???
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER droid bionic , this thursday . never thought the day would come .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sport : calling all tayside football fans ! the #wave102footballphonein kicks off at 6pm on wednesday ! join the debate ! #dufc #dfc #spl
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to joseph calleja tonight at the brits . see hes appearing at the royal festival hall on friday 11 jan in raymond gubbay concert
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER not really though . diets harder to find . last year , it was out til mid-nov . then gone when xmas got here . gotta be ready .
id1	id2	neutral	None	montgomery | selma inventor don chamberlain says hes running against incumbent u.s. rep. terri sewell in tuesdays general election to ...
id1	id2	negative	None	family guy is on some other crap tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	i may not be a diehard fan of ss but all the things ive heard about this man make him sound like a hero . my URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching ghost rider 2 this is a lot different from the 1st ...
id1	id2	positive	None	here comes the sun is one of the best songs written by george harrison <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	got me a bama shirt like the 1 lil wayne had on last night at the concert #biting lol idc though lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	premier league team of the week : march 5 : gmf takes a look at the team of the weeken ... URL ... via URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait until april 7 going to see riri in concert
id1	id2	neutral	None	tennessee game saturday with @USER :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER jaa ik mag , maareh kan je zaterdag stad ? want heb die h&m card nog en die is t/m 29 april geldig x
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 3rd in table and look good a great performance today . lets drag that to the mackems on tuesday ! #utb
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER but trust a dj whos giving away triksta - all about n.o. rap scene [ choppa ] on gumbo monday 7pm #fundingdrive2012 ! bounce !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER have a great time tomorrow , and maybe can you come to belgium ?! :d xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	championship : team news : bellamy in frame for cardiff : all the team news from saturdays championship ... URL #mogganaut
id1	id2	positive	None	delicious grilled cheese with ham cooked in sun dried tomato , parmesan & garlic oil from olive that in montclair pic.twitter.com/wf0pnshq
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER i heard may queen is good , nice guy but has song joongki in it ^^ ~ i have no interested in drama these days unnie =.=
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wionder if hisd has school tomorrow .. i want to visit my elementary school :3
id1	id2	positive	None	bringing out the classics tonight . mainos if tomorrow comes >>>
id1	id2	neutral	None	#us wichita wild vs . omaha beef may 5th game preview : wichita , ks- the wichita wild of the i ... URL #news #usa #wichita
id1	id2	neutral	None	coni is still looking for volunteers for the painting project that is expected to be completed on saturday , november 10 and november 17 .
id1	id2	negative	None	who are the dumb asses who decided to shutdown main st on a friday for a town of 50,000 + for a strawberry festival
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER when are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday morning goon , the kids dying to play puck
id1	id2	negative	None	cupid did so much work da 1st time that he dont wanna be my friend no more
id1	id2	negative	None	rediff live ! hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time against cartoons of the prophet mohamm ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER he doesnt deserve the death penalty a la todd bertuzzi , but i think 3-5 games is fair , if not whole 1st rd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sonys playstation network store will receive an overhaul next wednesday , october 17 , in the pal territories and october 23 in north ...
id1	id2	negative	None	well this may not sound nice but its true that runako morton would have never trend in twitter in his lifetime :p ... r.i.p. young man :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	last saturdays london childrens book swap went swimmingly ! see pictures here and read about it on the blog : ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cupid and psyche isnt an original greek myth . it was a story in the golden ass by apuleius and often cited as the 1st fairy tale .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just got one me lady !! waiting on the next ! merlin incense was asmoking tonite !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER you do remember he was 3rd in the kentucky derby behind #illhaveanother & #bodemeister right ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we should take over the world and change monday to pancake day
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i am sure you know this but good night irene was a an old love song . URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pentagon open to more than just #blackberry ? ios and android may make an appearance . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im embracing the oversized sun glass look with my new glasses . they are too awesome not to . i feel like jackie o: )
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i hate to say it but i think itll go to penalties tomorrow . i just have that feeling , like i had before the carling cup final
id1	id2	negative	None	mizzou links , 9-5-12 : holy smokes , its wednesday already ? i havent even posted bill carters sela photo gallery ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like im going to bolder tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	working tonight is seriously interfering with the fact that its wednesday and the challenge is on #wahh #getmeouttahere
id1	id2	positive	None	seeing @USER and maya rudolph cover prince songs with @USER tomorrow night . my mind is pretty much blown .
id1	id2	positive	None	shocking ! warriors may actually have the best coaching staff in the pacific division . #gsw #nba #lakers #clippers #suns #kings
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow shift is at 11:30 am to 08:30 pm . after work , im going to h&m for awhile . and , is it still open ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	in 14 minutes of kerry collins , the #colts are down 17 . lets give curtis painter a shot in the 2nd quarter . why not ?
id1	id2	positive	None	text from my dad : you like charles dickens 1 ) obvs looking at my amazon wish list ( too late for sunday ) 2 ) why th surprise ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER im also baffed as mr colley puts it . however my bed is whispering sweet nothings in my ear
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its okay we gone finish off the spurs tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what happened to breakout kings ? thought it may of come back after the block . have you guys just cut it completely from programming ?
id1	id2	positive	None	after that game , i cant wait to see what my #heat do to the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	think ima go to nicki concert @USER dar constitution hall on the 21st .. 2 chainz gonna be dere
id1	id2	positive	None	awesome week coming up . are you ready for some football ? ravens v . dream team thursday at 7:30 and redskins v ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	droid bionic comes out the 8th ? ohhh hmm ...
id1	id2	positive	None	controversy aside , the 2 games shown on tv for super sunday were great spectacles . #bestleagueintheworld
id1	id2	neutral	None	q98 presents : dethklok with machine head , all that remains , and black dahlia murder ! tuesday , november 13th at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER follow @USER , on november 26 , find her outside the bell center and meet her . please ? <3 1
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER all im saying is were playing 4 june not nov/dec . getting the kinks out now cuz come june well be there mini lin
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiger woods former caddie steve williams made about $ 140,000 for his work with adam scott today . tiger woods new caddie made $ 5,800 #golf
id1	id2	positive	None	just met with cj , banjo player in @USER come out to neighborhood theatre on june 23rd for the concert ! you wont want to miss it !!
id1	id2	negative	None	this is ball shit because i broken my ankle on sunday at football the army wont let me in for 1year thanks callum twat
id1	id2	negative	None	men tomorrow you will have one of your hardest patrols ... cif turn in lets hope i have everything
id1	id2	positive	None	glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll . auburn , which is likely to finish 5th in sec west , no . 19 in country ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody not taking the psat want to go to original house of pancakes tomorrow morning ?
id1	id2	positive	None	we love free ! celebrate with fox theatre for their 5th anniversary !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	diet starts monday when i wake up . ends the same day . always happens
id1	id2	neutral	None	gadkari on attack mode , says ready for any probe : bjp president nitin gadkari on wednesday took on the congress ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER doing a show in amsterdam ? would love to see you guys play live soon ! i might be in amsterdam saturday night
id1	id2	positive	None	aww love you austin rivers and happy to see you get start in 1st nba game ... but its against my boys , lets go spurs ! #spurs #nba
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER URL im sure it will replay on nfl network tomorrow too .
id1	id2	neutral	None	after losing 2 last week , today the gop is trying to win 2 senate seats in wisconsin by recalling 2 democrats . it looks like theyll fail
id1	id2	positive	None	big day coming up for ! word from cutoms and ups is we will have our bouncy castle , by tomorrow . im praying their right . #ogoplay
id1	id2	neutral	None	capello says time for russia to win big match : russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	with that score , farmerville is now up 27-6 over richwood with the 3rd qtr winding down .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol i been in oz 6months now on my 4th & final stint . love it but do miss london , prob coz i cant get 2d emirates no more . #afc
id1	id2	positive	None	the grey huhuhuhu #fuckingawesome #btwftr 670 im going to sleep i need it tomorrow ive to work
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont get how people are saying shes lying about the direction of her 4th album , because she lied about the direction of unbroken ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	season 3 of sons of anarchy needs to hurry the eff up already . come on august 30 ! #addictedtonetflixinstant
id1	id2	negative	None	thursday just arent as exciting now waterloo road has stopped
id1	id2	neutral	None	last push ! last day of training before the break ! then im off to bkk on thursday !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	thats like the 5th time the texans hit the ball so flacco cant throw it
id1	id2	negative	None	why all yall going to nca tomorrow ? it aint gone solve nothing . just create another problem .
id1	id2	positive	None	- people are saying its one of the best shows theyve ever seen !! brothers grimm spectaculathon at east , saturday at 7pm !! be there .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the birthday boy and his lamb . the lambs name is balki . come out to the volstead tomorrow for a taste . #ouimybuddy pic.twitter.com/qhjxm968
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoyed watching the people working out during the tour of #technogymvillage in cesena , italy . workouts for attendees tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	fireworks go on sale tomorrow . im sorry , but after experiencing independence day in the states , nz fireworks cant impress me at all .
id1	id2	positive	None	act of valor was just as good the 2nd time watching it
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 3rd album changes a lot . i know you hate unbroken , but i love it ! 1 . unbroken , fix a heart , in real life , together , skyscraper
id1	id2	positive	None	ok im off twitter for the night til tomorrow bomb squad enjoy ur night love you much !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i got do when im in yearbook room so send it like tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow , playstation vita owners can download the open playstation all-stars beta . ps3 owners can download the beta on the 23rd . #gamer
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great season , its been a pleasure listening to volare in the 9th inning ! mas ernasty ano q viene !
id1	id2	neutral	None	cong to hold rallies on fdi . the first rally will be held at delhis ramlila ground on oct 28 , to be addressed by the pm and mrs s gandhi .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wed @USER am on java jazz with ken irwin , tune in for a chat with umass jazz dept . head jeff holmes about his new cd , of ones own .
id1	id2	neutral	None	with mommy , dada , apple and cherry are going to noahs park . well be back tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER what about holland ?! countdown to ufc 153 : silva vs . bonnar debuts tuesday on fuel tv URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watched unofficially yours for the 1st time ... pede na kaya lang bitin .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day , artemis you remembered . come on ! what kind of jerk would i be if i forgot valentines day ? for the 5th year in a row ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	mick foley live on @USER #raw ! play as the 3 faces of foley starting tomorrow in #wwe13 !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER can not let be a let down game sunday with houston and san fran coming up . gotta focus on beating tennessee . #jayisourqb
id1	id2	neutral	None	introducing the first five selections to the all-star game on november 17th at quicken loans arena . stay posted ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	thursday nights just wont be the same without waterloo road
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER at least by this time tomorrow the yankees will be standing on top once again !! whos ellsbury ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER this afternoons jets training camp practice will be closed to the public due to heavy storms heading toward florham park , nj
id1	id2	positive	None	come join in all the fun at the great pumpkin hunt at rosedale gardens this saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	got my ole miss season tickets today , question now is will they win any conference games . we are bama fans so more about seeing daughter .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hoya , sungyeol and sungjong with bae yong jun . look .. sungyeols hand ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sacha baron cohen in the lesbian ? sbc 2 make film on man offering $65m 2 any man who could wed his gay daughter #jspace URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER pls tell dale jr and the 88 team that they did great today . love them lots from bama .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER vancouver .. been great , you ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow venus is gonna eclipse with the sun ! watch out for it guys !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the big day !!! we celebrate upnsmoke woodlands one year anniversary . grand prize winner of the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	new show | starkville : big krit and guests . october 10 . ricks cafe . tickets on sale friday at 10am . URL spread it !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER perhaps they want a 3rd choice hahaha ! like ben amos at #mufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	bioshock infinite release date february 23 . would you kindly ... just get here , already !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER commentator says porto dominated 1st half & looks that way again in the 2nd
id1	id2	neutral	None	paddy mcguinness on this morning , continuing to show the old stereotype that broadcasters from bolton have to shout all the time .
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope that rammstein gets played on the wedding dancefloor tomorrow . that would mean 4 of my teenage booze mates will have had it
id1	id2	negative	None	kendrick perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports .
id1	id2	positive	None	big congrats goes out to tampa bay damage for 2nd place at cup and 2nd place overall in the paintball sports ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i like who i am now . other people may not . im comfortable . i feel freer now . i dont want growing older to matter to me . - meryl streep
id1	id2	negative	None	after i tweeted about @USER gary carter photo #facepalm , they removed the mets photo . 2nd choice almost as bad , kid holding mets cap .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER been trying to decide on a new show to watch & always get tons of sons of anarchy suggestions . i may go 4 it . have a blessed day
id1	id2	negative	None	thats complete crap . @USER began and sadat were all about peace . bibi wants to use our military for free . @USER < cmon
id1	id2	neutral	None	derby may no longer negotiate with police , firefighter unions : derby is considering a move that would end negoti ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the reziduals at stevie starlites jam night at southsides in alsip tonight 10pm & were hosting our own at murphys law this friday !
id1	id2	positive	None	exo & b2st fans , do follow URL there may be some otps you ship alot there ! ^^
id1	id2	positive	None	remember people , rui ens #poeticjustice will debut on 11 sept 12 . see you again in 1 months time ! ;) pic.twitter.com/mredlalt
id1	id2	positive	None	every time i listen to promise by romeo santos the 1st person who comes to mind is @USER :))
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you to @USER and @USER for signing my jets football today i really appreciate it you guys are class acts !
id1	id2	neutral	None	did i just see what i think i did on @USER real madrid signed a 7th old ? #wow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER anything . i wondered how the aspects btwn my sun/moon faired with my rising . i also have venus in sag ... yea lol thank u :)
id1	id2	positive	None	with a 7-2 win last night , the norfolk admirals tied the american hockey league record with their 17th consecutive win . fantastic stuff .
id1	id2	positive	None	cannot wait to see @USER with my boys @USER and @USER next friday in athens !
id1	id2	positive	None	the heat are playing the 3rd quarter so fast and free that game 5 is starting to look like the nba all-star game . #nbafinals
id1	id2	neutral	None	lost & found pic . 2nd day in korea , breakfast at olympic park #korea #vacation #seoul #2012trip URL
id1	id2	positive	None	excited to head to #florida tomorrow . participating in the #tyrf #strikeforce to make sure fl goes 4 #mittromney . #tcot #txcot #dallasgop
id1	id2	neutral	None	aston villa line up january bid for danish midfielder : aston villa are reportedly monitoring the availability of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ivanovic reaches kremlin quarters : ana ivanovic advanced to the quarter-finals of the kremlin cup on thursday by ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	photos are up from last thursdays party with destructo , courtesy of edm orlando ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kalo messi ?? rt @USER pic : jose mourinho with sun mingming ( chinese basket ball player & one of the ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	fake democrats lose in wisconsin primary recalls all six fake democrats lost to democrats supported by the party in primaries tuesday that
id1	id2	neutral	None	fatal rollover near richwood : a fatal rollover was reported wednesday morning on county road 34 just east of ric ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dc tomorrow ! stoked to see friends at american , georgetown and elsewhere . text me if you are free . #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st movie of the night : the vow
id1	id2	positive	None	i might treat my mommy to the movies saturday to see final destination 5 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER but how you gon handle it if you are announcing on super bowl sunday ?!! you might put that gold back in yo grill .
id1	id2	neutral	None	not sure why , but really have the bug lately to buy a . 3 0-0 6 - maybe i just like saying . 3 0-0 6
id1	id2	positive	None	#catherinebelll i watched good witch for the 1st time . what a wonderful show . ive seen all ur jag and army wives . ur fan ara
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody kno how much the basketball tickets are for the vuu vs . vcu game tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	mark montgomery , david adams and austin romine have been selected to play in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat . #yankees
id1	id2	neutral	None	band practice tonight ! working on the #acoustic set for the #hospice benefit on sat for #patramsey . #talahasseeevents # tallahassee
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER rumors say it is tangled and it may replace beauty and the beast at studios and aladdin at dca . just a rumor for now ...
id1	id2	negative	None	i may do a 30-mile bike ride for the giants on weds cause you know caltrain is going to suck more than the cardinals .
id1	id2	positive	None	ok i will be in the film mt zion which is out feb with the man stan walker . the shit ! cool story bro ? :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	paul george with a silky smooth 1st q #pacernation
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh yea , we heard bout yall senior skip day friday ... we aint report it cause yall aint play nobody but brookwood .
id1	id2	neutral	None	paul-and5homos : harry and louis are just fri- eleanor is such an inspira- harry is such a manwho- louis is ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#esiafrica wescoal signs three year supply agreement with eskom : 10 september 2012 - junior coal mining group we ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	it may have started @USER but now the @USER is in siberia , yes , siberia : URL #writers #writing
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER shield kids event october 5th @USER bar n grill in pico rivera come n help support the fundraiser 4 abused and abandon children
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i think pardew started the craze off sunday !!! collocini compared to bobby moore
id1	id2	positive	None	i do !! @USER @USER @USER do you guys want to go see the new denzel washington movie tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	hi , memi ! thanks for agreeing to lead at sag ! would you be available for a sun ., any sun , in dec rather than nov 4th ? i just learned ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	aussie directioners ! if you didnt already know theres a one direction xfactor special on tv next thursday !
id1	id2	positive	None	12th film at #mtnfest : winged seduction : birds of paradise . this was the sexiest movie at banff . if you think mating birds are sexy .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i need another viv necklace ... may buy myself one for valentines day #nojoke
id1	id2	neutral	None	who is going to hammond friday or today
id1	id2	positive	None	awesome show today with jimmy bryson . tomorrow though we have trent anderson and rhonda rousey also more reo tickets to giveaway . #listenup
id1	id2	neutral	None	who is going to the #unitedsoundsofafrica concert tomorrow at irving plaza nyc ? cc @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	if @USER wins the @USER title at #royalrumble , then he would have to defend it in his 1st ever elimination chamber match .
id1	id2	neutral	None	that means well know thursday morning if @USER won for her safe and sound duet with @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	yesterday we shocked ireland at the last moment ... by taking a game away from them ... today we should better ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	best of luck to @USER tonight , who have a big league game against everton at borehamwood . 7pm k.o.
id1	id2	positive	None	happy #monday ! start your week off right with a #deltaview on the world banks lowered growth forecast for #china : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	busy preparing for izzys mini masterclasses in the studio tomorrow . decadent chocolate ganache torte to welcome our attendees . good idea ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	mvc weekly release with playoff scenarios . uca can finish no higher than 5th and no lower than 6th : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yup , technology makes it feel like you are all right next door . in which case , come over tonight for some terra nova ! #kain
id1	id2	neutral	None	liverpool looking to activate demba bas 7m buy out clause with andy carroll going the other way in january
id1	id2	positive	None	mark your calendars ladies : luke bryan will be at the houston rodeo march 16th , then george the 17th !! @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i like this outfit so much i want to wear it tomorrow instead of dressing up for america day .
id1	id2	positive	None	quite excited for the pl fixtures tomorrow , id love a north london derby at whl !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i guess im goin to the marana game on friday with @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	watney fires 61 to win cimb classic : nick watney fired a 10-under 61 on sunday to rally and win the c ... URL #sports
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching eclipse with katiee then vampire diaries for the rest of the night (:
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER you cant be serious youre acting as if parker just sat down for those rings . parker makes the spurs what they r
id1	id2	negative	None	somewhere in appleland , steve jobs just spit his morning coffee onto his computer screen . eah !
id1	id2	negative	None	gov . mitch daniels is rallying republicans with a rare appearance that may have violated h URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	due to football making cif , the spaghetti dinner has been moved to monday , november 26 . dinner served at 6:30 , performance starts at 7
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #flexthursday !! dis thursday !!! wit @USER @USER crows nest we calln out da whol souf kum kick it wit #flex
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday roman abramovich ( 24 october 1966 ) >> keep the blue flag flying high <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	the sixers better smash the knicks on sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	toi israel admits 1988 killing of arafats deputy : israel for the first time on thursday admitted responsibility ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im dropping becca off tomorrow and then going to ash
id1	id2	neutral	None	looking for a ticket for the west ham v southampton game on the 20th ! preferably in the bobby moore lower ! #helpmeout
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER free trial of nba league pass until nov 7th check it out on URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mascotfight : were playing derbys home town hoe down at the vic on august 27th ! glad the vics back . best soun ... * URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	for how long , i might be in nj then ? rt @USER @USER thursday night the 13th of dec .
id1	id2	positive	None	the 10th annual colossal castle contest has begun ! : the colossal castle contest is one of the longest running l ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	harris english , a #pgatour rookie , playing in his first @USER started his saturday by plunking a marshal on the head #ouch
id1	id2	neutral	None	in the mean time , check out this soundcloud mix from a dj im seeing at a day party on saturday , 12-12 , amsterdam livin URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	adam levine strikes a pose for photographers outside of the late show with david letterman on thursday ( october 25 ) in new york city
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just need to see lauren on saturday already .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER most college kids go get drunk on friday nights , i just read wikileaks releases & listen to revolution songs . am i normal ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	bring it on cd signing and performance event w @USER tomorrow at 300pm . barnes and noble on 86th and lexington in manhattsn :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER reggie would make a good mcs teacher . im talk to pratna about it tomorrow but im probably just dropping and ill do online
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoy your networking ? cocktails with pandas or beers at adelaide oval on the agenda at #innovationgeneration URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i want to see eb but idk dont look to good guess ill call it a netflix night .
id1	id2	positive	None	got a great piece for you history buffs friday morning , a game between schalke & bayern that marked the end of germanys greatest ever side .
id1	id2	positive	None	its monday morning and i woke listening to niggas in paris . oh man its going to be a good day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if robbie keane score 10 goals tonight i may like him .
id1	id2	positive	None	erotic asphyxiation , evanescence , strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today ! happy friday ?!
id1	id2	negative	None	balls . i forgot celebrity juice was on tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for @USER and @USER opening essex tonight ! any bar with homemade thin mints is my favorite URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	charity to the max ! saturday on foxct both segments will be airing during the morning news due to storm coverage today . #foxct
id1	id2	neutral	None	such a tough choice ... ghost rider or friday the 13th ..
id1	id2	negative	None	how to know a shit bar !.. you get your arm stamped ! if u wake up tomorrow with prints on your arm your a twat !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER just scheduled it today for this saturday ! quite possibly a day trip with no overnight stay in beautiful covina .
id1	id2	positive	None	just found all of st : voyager on netflix . i know what im doing for the rest of the night . woo !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	volleyball : plant city clinched a regional spot , defeating hillsborough tonight 3-0 in the 7a district 8 tournament . finals are thursday .
id1	id2	positive	None	waiting for the highlight of my thursday night celebrity juice #nolife
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow channel 4 is 30 years old . presenting the channel 4 #spotify playlist . what do you remember ? URL #channel4
id1	id2	neutral	None	next big day of the year is presidents day . the revised date is now the 6th october . details of the competion ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hooked on sons of anarchy thanks to @USER its too good too stop watching , all day viewing today !
id1	id2	negative	None	silent house may be one of the worst movies ever .
id1	id2	positive	None	a bit of sunday fun , shot in whitstable , kent and muscat , oman ! down poured the heavens : URL via @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	our neighbor is removing some trees and my 7 year old has been so bothered about it all day at school . we may have to lay off lorax for a bit
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey angelos have you never thought of matching the food with wine on saturday kitchen , a perfect job for your delicate palate .
id1	id2	neutral	None	that kind of year in kc . rivers over 18 fantasy its for only 3rd time of the season ... for now .
id1	id2	neutral	None	livication is playing next friday night at dipiazzas ! mark your calendars , and prepare for your newsfeeds to be blown up with info !
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to @USER kim & i are going to the rascal flatts concert tonight ! thank you tampa bays best country !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	whats the odds of waking up in shotton on a sunday morning in a gypsys caravan ? mad night !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER wont see me :( im off to bolton later today for the weekend . typical timing as ever !
id1	id2	neutral	None	grand opening tomorrow . come out to vans at town center and visit me and check it out !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER then he makes his first career field goal for edmonton on november 1 . what a year .
id1	id2	neutral	None	question time comes from london tomorrow night wth jerry springer and david miliband amongst those on the panel : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you may already be aware , but alan rickman is in a film called gambit thats coming out soon .
id1	id2	positive	None	march 1st is national bieber day ! haterz u mad ? stay mad . haterz gon hate . we love the biebs <3
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday was the first cooler-than-normal day @USER in october . this morning was the coldest one of the season .
id1	id2	positive	None	ahhh ! my mom said yes for me to go the a$ap rocky concert !! nov 8th we out ! #excited
id1	id2	neutral	None	the womens volleyball team will be playing in the semi-final playoff game tomorrow at 7pm against johnson and wales university .
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember last new years and i sat there for 2 hours watching kasabian live at the o2
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wanted to see columbiana for my birthday but it comes out on the 26th * rolls eyes * guess ill go see it in clemson .
id1	id2	neutral	None	siu up 2 sets to 0 at drake ( 25-16 , 27-25 ) , looking to keep sole possession of 4th place in mvc . just underway in the 3rd set
id1	id2	neutral	None	see what we just published at #mma rants today : anderson silva made the most disturbing burger king comme URL @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	ah theres robbie keane .. bidding to be the 1st international footballer to score 200 goals
id1	id2	neutral	None	several new series available friday at the all arts market at neighborhood theatre ! pic.twitter.com/ikr4u6sd
id1	id2	positive	None	if you guys dont have plans saturday night , now you do ! come down to the rex theatre on e carson st and support my dude @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	another estella video you may not have seen URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	view from the brooklyn bridge at night URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is going to be a fun-filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring . #stressful
id1	id2	negative	None	theo walcott is still shit , watch rafa and johnny deal with him on saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to the pottstown football game friday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	1 day left ! time is ticking down ... tonga should start getting worried (,) . just kidding , may the best team win !!! (,) tomorrow . go blacks
id1	id2	neutral	None	cowboys ! rt @USER nfl just declared terrelle pryor eligible for the supplemental that will take place monday , aug 22 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to babaman at vidia in cesena , italy - dec 22 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER how does it compare to diablo iii ( regardless of how fair that comparison may be) ?
id1	id2	positive	None	4ths are in striking distance of promotion & the title . sunday is presidents day . be great to get as many of us together . 2pm legends v club
id1	id2	negative	None	why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas ... where the hoes at @USER ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	see you tonight #echelonfamily , time to drive back to milan !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER merson may not want to gamble , but hes playing poker . at some point you have to take calculated risks .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going to auburn thursday now ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER you guys rocked tonight !!! see you in kentucky on saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	lets see if i can wrap up season three of #dexter tonight : only 1 more episode to go till the season finale . roll on series four please !
id1	id2	positive	None	kendrick perkins led the league for the 4th year in a row in spm ( scowls per minute ) literally laughed out loud
id1	id2	neutral	None	premier league team of the week : walcott makes seventh appearance this season while sagna also features URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mohsin hamids 2013 novel = how to get filthy rich in rising asia . think they need more typefaces on the cover ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	boise state , chattanooga , embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight , congrats and welcome gentlemen ! #duli11
id1	id2	positive	None	on the bright side the maya angelou will be arriving at elon university tomorrow night . #welcomemaya
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well its my favorite 4th doctor story and its written by douglas adams . and if youve ever read the 1st dirk gently book ( 1of2 )
id1	id2	neutral	None	huge business trip for the team . match in philly tomorrow at 7 against drexel
id1	id2	neutral	None	come check out the montanari bros east coast cup october 20th in new haven ct ! i will be there ! i have some ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	harry redknapp is being heavily linked with the position as blackburn manager today . however , qpr may have begun courting him already ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning tressa ! hope that you have a fabulous friday !
id1	id2	positive	None	gonna meet the cast of spartacus on the 7th ! i am too excited !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER celebrity juice on tonight !!! #bangtidy
id1	id2	neutral	None	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm !! #fvsu rrrttt
id1	id2	negative	None	its fucking friday ! so its only right to bump friday by flatbush zombies at ignorant levels
id1	id2	neutral	None	angelito casts and pbbunlimited big4 with kevin , divine , deniesse and ryan are guests tomorrow night sa kick off . - adm . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	faq : what is skeuomorphic design and the executive shakeup at apple : san francisco , ca - march 07 : apple ceo ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just saw 30 seconds of tps good deeds . hes a 5th generation ivy league graduate ? i mean there were a few but ... #soextra
id1	id2	neutral	None	ole boy who preached sunday looked like david ruffin from the temptations
id1	id2	positive	None	french pressed cup of verves los naranjos with a bit of hank williams . good morning !
id1	id2	negative	None	hackers have already defeated windows 8 , and readwrite mobile ranked it 5th in interface design , behind ios and android .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think i may know the story of the party nail . salina gomez jammed her finger the night before the grammy awards . i rock a party toe today !
id1	id2	positive	None	bowling doubles tomorrow . hope everything will be good tomorrow . let the luck be with us . #sukipt2012
id1	id2	positive	None	all the best to those who are taking physics tomorrow :) <3
id1	id2	positive	None	imaaa be the 1st tongan hooper in the nba #fact
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited for these upcoming shows ! its time to get halloweird ! 10/27(tomorrow night ) @USER fox theatre w/ ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER movies friday night ! flight with denzel washington !!! dont make plans because i just made plans !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	nitin gadkari cans himachal poll campaign : sources close to gadkari said late monday night that the cancellation ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#ceosleepout ive made my cardboard shelter in the members section of adelaide oval . 1st time ive ever been here !
id1	id2	positive	None	deus ex exclusive hands on article going up tonight . fucking love you twitter followers .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER but let sanchez get through his 3rd season before we say if hes better then eli
id1	id2	neutral	None	tune in at 2 p.m. tomorrow for a google+ hangout with our political reporters to discuss the 2012 election URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i would vote for david miliband if there was an election tomorrow and he was the labour leader - move over ed ! @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i laugh to death !!! lol !! dont trust the translation of google anymore ! its is full of errors !! btw u played truant today . \_/ .!
id1	id2	positive	None	photoset : for the adorable and loveable man , song joongki , happy 27th birthday ! despite your looks not ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good to see danny care starting the 3rd test against the boks . great player whos very quick at the base of the rucks #rugby
id1	id2	negative	None	1st of all in my world theres only good n evil ! real ppl n fake mfs ! this is why i really feel jlin wont make it ! not durable like yao ming !
id1	id2	neutral	None	it is saturday after all . question - is giroud the new torres ? and superbowl switches to comerica park for game 3 . where ?
id1	id2	negative	None	this olive garden commercial is so stupid . why would i want old pasta tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i am happy to be single but i would love to receive a valentines card on the 14th . it has to be from someone amazing- @USER for eg !
id1	id2	positive	None	every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry , fl just for these girls URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its friday before wppi ! who is going this year ?! i am !! before i leave on sunday , i wanted to give out a fun ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the 1st thing that came to mind was something from flatbush zombies hahaha or omg , biz markie . or ol dirty bastard >:)
id1	id2	negative	None	bjp members walk out from jpc meeting on 2g : bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) members on tuesday walked out of the p ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ac milan ready to make january move for chelsea full-back ashley cole : san siro side want stamford bridge defend ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on february 13th . desperation day a magical night , when a ten has the self-esteem of a four and the depraved enthusiasm of a two . : bd
id1	id2	neutral	None	but yeah , young black film makers , afropolitans at the rich mix this sunday , pass through to discuss zoe saldana debacle .
id1	id2	positive	None	unobscured , the sun will shine again ! stand in your anointment - this too shall pass ! see trailer & where to buy book URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	end of the 1st quarter . @USER are down 16-14 to the wichita wild
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER 8th as im going to eng v nz at twickers on the 1st
id1	id2	positive	None	guys , the marijuana law in colorado , oregon , and washington can pass this tuesday . #highhopes
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you are talking to a wiener national pro ! my dog kramer was 2nd fastest wiener in the west . he even had a show on animal planet !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER dang and then allstar game in houston the 17th
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER beohner got 98% of what he wanted . fact : dow down 634 today and boehner owns every point . #p2 #fok #maddow #teaparty
id1	id2	neutral	None	a red carpet for radicals at the white house by steve emerson and john rossomando ipt news october 21 , 2012 a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i feel like a kid before xmas , i cannot wait to get onert @USER in case you missed it ... nokia n9 release date URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nirvana reflexology spa may have just saved my foot today ... i highly recommend URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wishin my first stop was port charles !!! only thru the dvr portal !! happy friday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the insider : south africa can steal a march with robot olympics pitch
id1	id2	neutral	None	its weird to think about how much money was spent on the washington monument just to make the worlds biggest sun dial .
id1	id2	neutral	None	when my professor passes out candy and says a very small amount of that may be from valentines day , just so you know
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER pekovic and love are a solid front line . if derrick williams plays like a 2nd pick i think you have a playoffs team .
id1	id2	neutral	None	aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent ? apply for the marie colvin scholarship URL
id1	id2	positive	None	today : the last two wisconsin recalls ( for now ) URL // keep up the extraordinary work wisconsin !
id1	id2	neutral	None	george zimmerman made his first appearance in public on friday as he and his wife shellie have been in hiding in ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	maya rudolph performs prince songs at brooklyn bowl this thursday night 9/20 , backed by the roots ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	brand new updated logo , edited by david taylor the new executive producer of roc-tv . first introduction video will be up tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	may the odds be ever in your favor australian directioners .
id1	id2	neutral	None	kinder morgan foundation grants of $1000-$5000 for education are due the 10th of each month . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just filled out my home depot application ... matteson , alsip , orland park , homewood , & cal city now i need to make moves that way tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	trifecta ! this friday get off your butt and come out to halls to show some support as volleyball , soccer , and football take down the devils !
id1	id2	neutral	None	mta agent to me : this card has been damanged since yesterday morning . me : but i used it last night . mta : no you didnt .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lol cause we went to the zoo today & saw lions and tigers and all lat
id1	id2	positive	None	gotta go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever
id1	id2	neutral	None	got new aesop rock , master ace & doom , nas , flatbush zombies , jon connor , & cyhi ready for the flight tomorrow , been sleepin on lots of shit
id1	id2	positive	None	i dont ever skate etnies , but ryan sheckler 7s the marana is too sicc ! as soon as it comes out in november im buying a pair :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday to roman abramovich the man who made everything possible , i hope well give him his present on the 28th . #cfc
id1	id2	positive	None	stoked about knicks vs celtics ! 1st nba game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	al pacino to play joe paterno in biopic .. this is going to be his 2nd film where he says say hello to my little friend @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	ss but they have really good music and its a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace #ripmitchlucker
id1	id2	positive	None	for my book worms : murder in italy about amanda knox and in the middle of the night about dr. petit family in connecticut are great reads !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ghost rider is bck on action jst w8 19th octobr at 3pm ... so guyz start ur engine and join with me in rally ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER lorenzo brown over taylor any day of the week . 65 with just as good if not better skill set
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning ! need a google + invite ? URL i have a few #plusinvites . love to see the #gtchat folks there !
id1	id2	negative	None	buses in the white hart lane & high road n17 area may be subject to diversion & delays due to tottenham hotspur match
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did you know i love your face ? because i do . ps . @USER i named my rubber ducky capt . sparkle-pants the 3rd . #wtf
id1	id2	positive	None	i quoted nicki minaj tonight and im sorry and i know god will forgive me
id1	id2	neutral	None	state unveiled their snow bowl unis 5 weeks ago . tonight , some greenville viewers heard words mullen spoke about them from september 26th
id1	id2	positive	None	yeay .. hopefully runman ep 91 with eng sub will be out by tuesday ... cant wait to watch it !!! go go go yooruce willis ... yoo jae suk jjang !!
id1	id2	positive	None	listening to that elvis presley ... he may be on to something with his rock and roll !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you wont be getting candy till monday . i am ( by my own stupidity ) a sick person right meow . . - .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey nevada tweeps remember tomorrow is the last day for early voting ! ready , set & vote ! #justdoit !
id1	id2	positive	None	ben amos doing well @USER . another clean sheet . he says hes enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team football . #mufc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you sound like will ferrell on old school . got a big day tomorrow ! #soundsexciting #classic
id1	id2	neutral	None	my mother just said whats gucci mah nigguh ! to me , i think she may have been listening to niggas in paris , should i be worried ?
id1	id2	negative	None	feel bad for star crossed lionsrt @USER so far , wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing
id1	id2	neutral	None	also need to be at least accredated in act or rebt before the end of 4th yr .
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to seeing the illegal eagles at dorking tomorrow night with lin & amigo . best eagles tribute band around . #illegaleagles
id1	id2	negative	None	on october 25 2011 i told taylor swift i wouldnt listen to her until she wrote about something else . one year later and here we are still .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dtn bangladesh : bpl issues to be decided nov 1 : bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the bangl ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	f-train was messed up again today between york and carroll st. .. whats going on mta ??? get it together !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER - another example of a good college player who had a great week at senior bowl to ease concerns about toughs & get into 1st round
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ill be going to putrajaya n serdang on 21st of november . for 12 days .
id1	id2	negative	None	danny care may be the best scrum half england have but hes still a massive c-bomb
id1	id2	positive	None	ermagerd ! conor oberst @USER @USER is playing the barbican centre in february . i must find a way .
id1	id2	positive	None	today has been an awesome day ! one of the google engineers posted a tutorial video from our URL site ! what an endorsment !
id1	id2	positive	None	listening to kim soo hyuns ost for moon-sun and thinking about how im gonna see his beautiful face on the big screen tomorrow :d
id1	id2	positive	None	its my birthday on the east coast now . i was born est , so i get to party now . i live on the west coast so the party will last till monday
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoying a high volume of trash tv tonight . just caught the tail end of x factor . love gary barlow . love him . obviously an age thing .
id1	id2	negative	None	not able to watch the enrile documentary , but ive a sense he ( yet again ) wont like tomorrows inq editorial .
id1	id2	negative	None	wicket , its getting worse for the afghans , they have slipped to 22-4 after karim sadiq ( 5 ) was run out by jos buttler in the 6th over .
id1	id2	neutral	None	back in norwich city centre on a wednesday night i am hoping the grunge look is in honour of halloween and not back ! #noplacelikehome
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER andy rooney , 92 , will make last appearance on cbs 60 minutes this sunday - tvnewser URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	go try and win a ps vita at the lollipop chainsaw event at fish & co . @USER you may get bitten by zombies , but its a ps vita !
id1	id2	negative	None	thankfully hes in germany now . and comes home in january . still dangerous though .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it is ! i think sashas a really talented actor to begin with & hes a real chameleon ! plus he looks a lot like freddy ! it all fits !
id1	id2	positive	None	im all for 2nd amendment rights but it would be nice to make machine gun kelly illegal
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes , dickens tomorrow night indeed . @USER you too . charles dickens tavern on collins st. get there 45mins+ before ko .
id1	id2	negative	None	do we really care about our kids future ? think about it : education is the 1st thing cut from budgets on every level .
id1	id2	neutral	None	super bummed to find out that wppi is the same time as our kids spring break . why is it in march this time ?! @USER #fb
id1	id2	negative	None	gregg williams may never find a job in the nfl again if hes allowed back . snitchin will make your situation worse !
id1	id2	neutral	None	here are the five capital one cup matches tonight and some potential upsets on the cards - swindon to beat aston villa ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	oslo has been gloomy the whole day . am ok with the temperature but not the non-sunny outlook . hope it gets better tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow for rushers , its big time rush :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	jumping off the brooklyn bridge with my hang glider on sunday . now taking bets on which state i land in .
id1	id2	positive	None	15th august- the anthem still chokes me up . the flag still makes me proud . gandhi still looks over us . happy & proud independence day #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget to drop by the barbican centres conservatory tomorrow for our annual summer reading challenge event ! ages 4-11 2-4pm free !
id1	id2	positive	None	welp glad i listened to my instincts and started romo ... well see how he does tonight though
id1	id2	neutral	None	kainis ! bukas na pala first day ng secret love ( sungkyunkwan scandal ) sa abs-cbn . eh may pasok kami bukas . diaje naman oh !
id1	id2	positive	None	oh an i also picked my starting xi for the 1st bangla test on @USER site . couldnt decide between fidi an tino ! i like fidi tho lol !
id1	id2	negative	None	missing saturday morning #epl fever . gonna miss it for another year at least ! i blame the board , roger johnson and the hapless defence #wwfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	5th floor paterno with @USER @USER @USER were going to be productive from now on .
id1	id2	negative	None	were experiencing some issues with fuel tv ( ch 39 ) . should be back up friday or monday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER have you read happiest baby on block ? @USER gave to me . its great ! you need it . ill bring to u tomorrow if u havent
id1	id2	neutral	None	were going to be here tomorrow - have lots to swap ! london childrens book swap URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER slow down . hes a lib . u may hav 2 explain 2 him . remember charlie gibson told donwade&roma he dnt know abt acorn .
id1	id2	neutral	None	church tonight , who will you bring ???
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER keep yr eyes open for incursion . it may not be spartacus , but its going to be out of this world :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER also read how #msm lies : thin crowd @USER on 3rd day : URL n read for facts 60k+ crowd 2day URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	finished qbs . if the draft were today and i got to pick first every time , id take arian foster , roddy white , jason witten , n aaron rodgers
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am getting ready for the master class that i am teaching at wppi this coming tuesday which is going to be a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whats the difference in a vow ( URL and a promise ( URL @USER #tcot
id1	id2	neutral	None	so many shows in the near future : metafest , royal teeth , m83 , white arrows , grouplove , sweetteapumpkinpie music fest and taking back sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	although there was that one time he finished 3rd and cannavaro finished 1st . yes , fabio cannavaro . bullshit .
id1	id2	neutral	None	vampire diaries season 3 scoop : vicki is at odds with anna - todays news : our take | tvguide.com - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	benefit at the rosedale firehouse for my trip to texas is on friday 4-7 ! $7 for hearty meal and dessert ! there will be a silent auction also
id1	id2	positive	None	guys ! i found it ! it was jim henson and frank oz in 1st season of snl doing the land of gorch ... statue was called the mighty favog
id1	id2	neutral	None	#mt @USER the artist , posted new thursday at netflix instant . the surprise winner at the oscars . my review : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	chelsea need to beat ajax to keep up there battle with ajax for 2nd place #nextgenseries
id1	id2	neutral	None	henryville vs . charlestown volleyball game tuesday !! whos going ?! #athenryville #gonnahaveadj #cancernight
id1	id2	positive	None	good monday everybody ! wish we could start this morning with a little king cake ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER my birthday on february . my friends think its for valentines day but i dont believe so . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	uploading random pics ! lol this is me last sunday at a show at the adrienne arsht center ! pic.twitter.com/leueqikt
id1	id2	positive	None	must give the boys there spot back for most viewed video in 24hrs ! directioners tomorrow is the boys night ! #littlethingsvideocountdown
id1	id2	neutral	None	rick stein reckons tuna is like roast beef to the japanese . anyone for tuna with yorkshire pudding & sunday roast ? #goodfoodchannel
id1	id2	negative	None	dont think chelsea should appeal for torres red card . let sturridge play tomorrow . its the carling cup , not pl .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#personally i watch #extratime on ss4 with @USER mondays top class analysis who knows may the entire sa < lol > rt @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	britney : lady gagas here tonight . me : what ? * watches gaga the rest of the night * me : whos concert was that ? i forgot . ;d
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow ... walmart , target , walgreens , cvs , kroger , whoever .. im coming for that discounted candy ... be ready for it ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	the re-release of in desolate times is available worldwide today ! including bonus tracks . grab a copy and let us know what you think !
id1	id2	positive	None	thats it now for 2012 , life doesnt star again til 3 march 2013 when paris-nice starts . tour of qatar in feb is quite jolly though #cycling
id1	id2	neutral	None	job report to be released on friday by the kremlin , aka , bureau of labor statistics . get your conspiracy theories ready !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	how have i missed that today is national margarita day ?!?!? kinda doesnt go with ash wednesday ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	escape the rain : todays lunchtime talk @USER a short history of ski-in in scotland , 12.45
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow is the last day i will see trayvon . </3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it is a bit crappy but looking better for the weekend - sjp says cold but sunny for saturdays trekking :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	playing me some of the offspring in the car . i head may explode due to nostalgia if pretty fly for a white guy is performed at soundwave .
id1	id2	positive	None	nova friends , you wont want to miss this monday !! fairfax victory rally w/ mitt & the gop team #mitt2012 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER must . get . innings . we must pile on and decimate their bullpen tonight ! because with verlander , they wont need it tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	were sophia grace and rosie ! cant wait to see you on ellen tomorrow ! xxx @USER @USER @USER pic.twitter.com/abvxnwqb
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER - just watched the klitschko fight from sat . @USER ruined it talking over ring entrances & talking shit throughout .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looking forward to the lions game tonight . tele on , sound down , and church on the radio . and the rey with a form to dream of !
id1	id2	negative	None	i want to go to church tonight ( crusaders ); kevin leal is ministering . im nauseous , head-achy , & i need to finish an overdue assignment .
id1	id2	negative	None	hmmm ... it occurs to me that i havent received a residual check in nearly a year now . i think i should email sag tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 15th augus t.t he anthem still chokes me up . the flag still makes me proud . gandhi still looks over us . happy independence day india
id1	id2	positive	None	talk to my dad tonight and we suppose to go to detroit in october to c all my family nd my great granny !!
id1	id2	positive	None	if san antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from parker in the 1st half & no ginobili , itll be a great season !
id1	id2	negative	None	here is the nip slip that happened yesterday on good morning america ... and nicki minaj is not happy but abc has ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	more players have joined ghanas camp ahead of the friendly game against nigeria on tuesday .
id1	id2	negative	None	axl rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live tv and drink water out of a mug . bow down , peasants .
id1	id2	neutral	None	get your ticket for a detroit red wings bus trip on march 22nd against the dallas stars . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	this is the first time someone has offered to watch the notebook with me so i dont watch it alone for the 5th time .. too bad it was my mom .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ... those who killed sadat are the reasons why egyptians struggled in the past , and may face uncertain future ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	therefore i still expect arsenal to sign jag , but cahill is next option , bolton are just willing to talk to arsenal on monday ( no bid yet )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh my gosh thats hilarious - love it ! did you read the one on steve jobs ? URL love the tuesday reading :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the 1971 act lumps it in with presidents day and other monday holidays so that federal employees get a 3 day weekend
id1	id2	positive	None	i get a night out tonight ! going to see cowboys vs . aliens because ill see anything with a name like that , and then the oven door fell off .
id1	id2	positive	None	kolchak the night stalker . before the x-files , excellent scary tv . on netflix huzah
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER agree . big l might have been the best to ever freestyle . its a race for 2nd .
id1	id2	negative	None	big brother starts tonight and x factor on saturday , wish i could emigrate or hibernate :-(
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER wppi starts the 19th i believe . thats why im flying out the afternoon of the 18th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rtrtrt @USER rt if you love the song called last night on earth by green day . #indowantsgreenday
id1	id2	positive	None	ladies will have a free day tomorrow . hope they enjoy rest of their time in okinawa . #miss2012
id1	id2	negative	None	i gotta pee like a russian race horse at the kentucky derby on saturday with a truck behind it
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i may have enough to share ... if i can get them by laurin haha she was pumped !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#forbes the nyse , nasdaq and the other us stock markets all made a wise decision to take rain days on monday and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mom left for scotland today . or ireland ... keep forgetting where she went to . but both places have cool accents ! i know that !
id1	id2	neutral	None	this week marks the 34th anniversary of the death of elvis presley . elvis died in memphis on august 16 , 1977 at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	line up at #yyt to check in longer than a #tims lineup on a monday morning after the super bowl sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	today its all about tablet pcs - heres a guide to the windows 7 operating system URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	see preservation as it happens ! learn about the kansas question at constitution hall in topeka on friday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	studying anatomy & watching army wives is what the rest of my night consist of , cant wait for a little break with @USER tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoying a night of #dexter with @USER :)
id1	id2	positive	None	i spent the majority of my weekend sitting in bed , editing & watching the entire 1st season of dexter . twas divine . i have no regrets .
id1	id2	positive	None	friday night lights !!! here in brownsville the match between hanna eagels and rivera raiders .
id1	id2	positive	None	its so early here in germany , my american friends are just now getting drunk . off to prague , knuckleheads ! talk to you on sunday ! #czechrep
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning nigeria ! 1 more day to go ! get ready :)
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow i plan on playing blackops zombies , gears3 , and maybe mw3 all day thanks to my 2day live code . anyone down for some gaming ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tampa bay buccaneers vs oakland raiders odds : find out why each team will cover the spread on sunday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	e l james writing caliber is that of a 2nd grader . throw in some bondage though and youve got a best seller
id1	id2	neutral	None	got plans tonight ? join us at ajs on poyntz for thursday night live ! jessica furney will be playing 7-9 pm URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	england to play haryana in the third warm-up game in ahmedabad that starts nov 8 ahead of the first test on nov 15 #cricket #indveng
id1	id2	positive	None	like , sweet you . happy valentines day . ( when its july ) . ill meet you at the shop every tuesday ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	anonymous asked you : you remind me of wednesday adams .
id1	id2	positive	None	leaving for germany tomorrow : i keep repeating it to myself , somebody pinch me !
id1	id2	neutral	None	for all of you that havent already heard theres a car bash for deca tomorrow . bring a dollar and support wkhs and deca #beatlexington
id1	id2	negative	None	democrats call on lt . gov . ard to resign : democrats called thursday for the immediate resignation of lt . g ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to a scribe amidst the lions tonight at the sdmas !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER have a look at the sat ko games for nufc and ill come out for a game and stop out .. maybe a 3pm or 5.30 pm ko
id1	id2	positive	None	good gig tonight in derby !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER morning with homeless men evening with charles dickenss great great granddaughter standard day with 1st yrs at bucksadschool
id1	id2	positive	None	so justin beiber is coming down here jan . 15 . am i the only one excited ? lol
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble/faculty jazz combo ! dont miss tomorrow night ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i just had a fantastic meal at the lovely vanessas house ! <3 then off to the middle of nowhere aka new hampshire tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	noel gallagher tomorrow .. cant wait to see the legend !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	im pretty sure bill obrien has gone for it on 4th down more in one season than paterno did his entire career .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to 3mph : a womans walk around the ... at chautauqua community house on mon , nov 12 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER why do you think murray may leave ? no way a team drafts him before the 5th or 6th round !
id1	id2	neutral	None	jimmy kimmel live - axl rose , part 1 : part 1 of jimmy kimmels interview with axl rose . added : thu oct 25 11:02:2 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	day 3 of #ade so far so good !... start things going this friday morning we have ferry corsten on the panel !
id1	id2	negative	None	watching friday after next on vh1 sucks ... every other damn word is bleeped out . we all know what it really says . just let it be . damn
id1	id2	negative	None	the grey , texting , and looking forward to a useless day tomorrow :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	you ever go night night nigga ? everybody go night night ! - kevin hart
id1	id2	neutral	None	cbs2-a clip of the beautiful viola davis ... guest on tomorrows @USER watch at five ! #thetalk
id1	id2	neutral	None	wantin to go out tonite ... but no one to go out with so i guess ill be on netflix tonite
id1	id2	negative	None	been sat in my room sticking down postcards of tehran on the wall for god knows how long . why has nobody invented a teleporting machine yet ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi , would love to organise a photo pass to shoot the evanescence gig in london on 9th , who can i contact to arrange ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have a feeling theres going to be quite abit of transfer activity @USER tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER whats annoying is that the one i pre-ordered just came today ... steve jobs just looted my card .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im pretty sure in 7th grade i tripped on that same debate stage getting an award at the university of denver - small world #denver debate
id1	id2	positive	None	alright everyone lets do this . 2 winners tonight at 9pmest . girl and boy winners . 1600 microsoft points . @USER and follow for a chance to win
id1	id2	positive	None	great piece on joe coles demise in tomorrows independent by @USER cole was the first england player who was younger than me
id1	id2	positive	None	from bams radio tonite ... the legend says this bama defense may be the greatest of all time ... offense wins games , defense wins ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	yo , yo , yo . raise your hand if youre going to mass tomorrow ! #holyday #gettingupat7
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER martin isnt a leader for the 2nd unit like harden . your guys bench is done plus westbrook is a ball hog
id1	id2	positive	None	haha ... mum gave me my work wage for tomorrow for ticketek so that i dont go to work ( if that made any sense ) just to stay home . thanks
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER steelers fans are awesome ! just for that , im making it my mission to piss off a browns fan today hehe #inspiration
id1	id2	positive	None	that last tweet was to hf thanks for the day off tomorrow !! nottt
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ive seen them twice . at download after saxon and headlined the 2nd stage and the priest feast with judas priest and megadeth
id1	id2	positive	None	magnificent scallop monday is on now ! a fresh lot of whangamata scallops has just arrived at iguana . head in and ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this friday the food & film series presents the jim henson cult classic labyrinth at the miners foundry cultural ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ive never actually sat down and watched the whole movie of the notebook ... because i dont like the movie .
id1	id2	positive	None	throwback thursday ! daddy and joe pa ! rip to , in my eyes , still the most winningest coach in college footbal URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	price : id take vitali fight : david price says he would fight vitali klitschko tomorrow - but admits it ... URL #sports
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER queen can you please help me trend #biebsmeetbieberwhirls ? hes coming to my city tomorrow & i wanna try to meet him
id1	id2	positive	None	3 episodes of family guy tonight on bbc3 . put a slight smile on my face :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER awesome cos i was ready to get on the phone at 10am tomorrow to get tickets for st davids hall !! happy days cant wait
id1	id2	neutral	None	robert turbin impresses at nfl combine : but on sunday in indianapolis , he became just another name , trying to pr ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER elimination diet starts tomorrow dont you mean ;) #lean #vegvegveg !
id1	id2	neutral	None	downloaded joseph prince - keep your eyes on jesus - 10 jun 2012 URL with #realplayer URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january ( source : corriere dello sport ) URL #transfertalk
id1	id2	negative	None	nigga you cant make it with this tt ! rt @USER #nigerianewspaperheadlines terry g releases the 1st rock song in nigeria --- apako
id1	id2	negative	None	kurt may have been drugged again with rohypnol , possibly in the root beer can found at the scene . after he was incapacitated , the murderer
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thought you might appreciate this photo taken of aj at the celebration sunday better than anyone ! pic.twitter.com/rfa01cr5
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tenby till monday night then st davids hotel in cardiff wednesday we need it !! haha xx
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good looks homie , im goin to pretty lights tomorrow night so lets burn it down asap after that .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ufo sighting : black triangle sighting in perryton , texas on august 11th 2012 - dark triangle shape across the sk ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wish i could sleep , & wake up nd it be sunday .. im ready too get out of greensboro !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think michael jackson was murdered . not by conrad murray , but he aided and abetted . i think someone else was in the house that morning .
id1	id2	positive	None	pretty good thursday night with @USER if only rivers would stop sucking so bad ! # @USER stadium URL
id1	id2	negative	None	caught the repeat of jersey shore tonight and the damn wall knocked out @USER wtf .. cmon bro ! are you serious right now
id1	id2	positive	None	goaldotcom : premier league team of the week : van persie & aguero both star after city & arsenal wins URL
id1	id2	positive	None	love it when scouts be at our practice .. i counted 4 today .. broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	win 4 free tickets to party with roger sanchez this friday , september 14th at hq nightclub by tagging the 3 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	after observing clemsons linebackers earlier today , its safe to say that position will undergo a drastic change in the next two years .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER either of you la guys going to summerslam on sunday ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER watched last weeks jersey shore last night , you put your own head into the wall ? seriously , crazy ! atleast ronnie didnt !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER friday flight jfk to lax @USER am . is it still on ? will we get home ?
id1	id2	positive	None	steelers gonna beat the ravens tomorrow lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st rule of the code : dont get caught #dexter
id1	id2	neutral	None	final destination 5 is coming out soon . i never thought theyd make a 5th one ! #youcantcheatdeath
id1	id2	positive	None	may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners , #hot30sgo1denticket
id1	id2	neutral	None	my 3rd article for solo travel society . this time its all about seoul , south korea ! :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	might just watch the rest of jersey shore online n call it a night
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait for the new series , starts on sunday over here in britain , #redjohn
id1	id2	positive	None	make sure that youre decked out in your red , white , and blue tomorrow for america day ! lets make this homecoming week great . #merica
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER whoaa , well during the breaks i bee in dallas , so i might visit you in november , december , march , & thee summer .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER see you guys on the 6th of october in bathurst along with stan walker . cant wait !!! :d
id1	id2	positive	None	okinawa concert is going to air on 1 nov . hope someone will record it . i would love to see seunggi & shinhye :)
id1	id2	positive	None	my 2nd time seeing @USER was wen me kiaya n chante went to the dc star we stood in line @USER n they open the club doors at 12am lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	news of the day - oct 17 - michael clarke determined to see australia at ... : URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER injures borderland , taking him out of the ppv . who will replace him in the elimination chamber match ? watch asylum this sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	not hard to figure out the value in this offer ... mathnasium is offering a free mathing workshop on sunday from ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER -_- lmao its thalia and no it was today . on friday we got gym better be there !
id1	id2	positive	None	woot ! so excited that i get to watch tonights game . go colts !!
id1	id2	positive	None	all i want for my 16th birthday are taylor swift tickets . no party , just tickets .
id1	id2	neutral	None	eleanor was just a fan when she met louis its funny bc she probaly wasnt a fan like she may have known who they were but she wasnt a fan
id1	id2	neutral	None	#asiabrief kevin rudd calls for t-shirt design to rival the kevin-07 logo - herald sun : brisbane timeskevin rudd ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	greensboro dmv employee charged with embezzlement - nov 1 @USER pm et URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER thats true but until its all decided thats who @USER is going with . danny care would be 2nd choice right now .
id1	id2	neutral	None	everyone drink tony romo says he had a no-alcohol bachelor party : by tom weir , usa today details o ... URL who will last
id1	id2	positive	None	usa+canada tour starts today !!! super pumped ! greensboro nc kicks it off tonight ! tomorrow asheville then atl on sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	buses arrive in henryville . first day back in original building since march 2 tornados destroyed school pic.twitter.com/huru2ujg
id1	id2	neutral	None	video of the 1st points for anthony davis , lin , harden , rivers , drummond , harrison barnes & jrich on their new teams URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you do realise that in like 50 years , us barbz will be sat in a nursing home still wanting the rim video :(((
id1	id2	positive	None	this friday we warmly embrace all things kiwi !! nz v tonga will be playing on the rooftop with a nz flavoured bbq and steinlager a plenty
id1	id2	positive	None	black lion is where its at tonight ! 236 auburn ave ! shout out to @USER !
id1	id2	neutral	None	if this is the end for @USER i once again have to commend @USER for his emotional gary carter memorial show in february
id1	id2	neutral	None	attn male tulane students !! if you want to get on tv , go to tj quills this saturday night at 9pm . i cant tell you anymore . spread the word !
id1	id2	neutral	None	.. just finished watching the 4th season of dexter . #relaxedtweet
id1	id2	positive	None	the best thing about a thursday night is definitely celebrity juice #hilarious
id1	id2	neutral	None	exclusive interview with james martin in our jan/feb issue . want to promote your valentines menu or any jan offers ? e : craigmaplesde @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	sneak peek : check out the 12 freebies you can get at cvs on black friday ! link in the first comment :
id1	id2	positive	None	dindin at my fav restaurant with the boy . now watching season 3 of sons of anarchy . perfect way to end the night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#trayvon my daily tweet ( 10/21 ) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 239 days ago ! ~ may you rest in peace ~ ( stay strong , family . )
id1	id2	neutral	None	if u live near long beach consider going to @USER church 2 hear @USER sat @USER or sun @USER #boldaslove @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	cbb final , celebrity juice , hollyoaks and hollyoaks later tonight , woo !
id1	id2	positive	None	nfl update- jerricho cotchery is in negotiations with the pittsburgh steelers expected to take a physical today , ravens also interested .
id1	id2	neutral	None	due to the after-effects of hurricane sandy , fantazia 360 is cancelled for this saturday at the liacouras center !!! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	first day filming on dancing on ice tomorrow , should be interesting .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im curious , do students of #nyuscps qualify for the ticketed code to the richie hawtin & loco dice lectue on the 3rd of nov ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	diana : a celebration ends june 10th at the @USER make sure to see the collection before it leaves ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	express front line with kamran shahid international day of #women 05 march 2012 #pakistan #mqm #womenpk URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	next friday soltek residents daffadam and medlam take to the stage at plan b - london for c panels 1st birthday ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER dope night with the eagles . did #sangz1 tell you he deleted all the pics
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ info ] tomorrow exo m will be going to nanjing ( via . sotea123 )
id1	id2	neutral	None	i caught adam jones home run tonight , check me on espn top plays at midnight ! one handed w/ a soft pretzel in my hand on my iphone
id1	id2	negative	None	did you see that andy carroll header ? what technique ! cmon ! thats not technique . technique is passing the ball 5 yards 50 times .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER no out of market broadcast tonight with the espn game on at the same time though , correct ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	can you get more canadian than @USER 25th anniversary tour across canada in frigid january and february , including a stop in iqaluit ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	nov 10th lady urban(e ) aka ace will be having mixtape release party at the medowlark ... rt rt
id1	id2	negative	None	worcestershire ? what are you on about ? still coming down from your 1st half high ? worldwide fanbase is something #mcfc dont have ! #mufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	todays answer : stone has received 3 academy awards for his work on the films midnight express , platoon , and born on the fourth of july .
id1	id2	positive	None	pancakes were delicious and everythings perfect . now off to sleep and then tomorrow its gonna be ascot all day long .
id1	id2	negative	None	today is desperation day . if you know what i mean .
id1	id2	positive	None	finally wrapped up shooting in vegas , time for a good night on the town :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	allstar game weekend in texas for the 21st bday ... oh yea
id1	id2	positive	None	harry styles rocking lyle and scott . he may only be 10 ... but be honest , you wish you had his life .. @USER pic.twitter.com/w8j9stx1
id1	id2	positive	None	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypts first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations
id1	id2	positive	None	reminder- we hope to see you tomorrow night at volstead ! details on our fb page at URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER whos going to the millard north game tomorrow ?? who do they playy ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	american hockey league continues to shut down the root cause of a word money : october 1 sports news continued to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fb : jakes keeps it on 2nd down and sets up a 3rd and 3 for wku . ball at mtsu 46
id1	id2	neutral	None	natures own cloud went head to head with amazon and microsoft on sunday ... and won . URL #cloud
id1	id2	neutral	None	playstation network maintenance on october 15 : services going offline , possibly to make way for the new ps store ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	time to head to the beach at the rivers edge . my wife is there , and the fish are there , and the eagles and frogs and sun are all there ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	queens brian may says freddie mercury biopic is on the way . sacha baron cohen will play the role of mercury . URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i cant wait to cruise walgreens tomorrow for all the half-price avatars . #lovemeee
id1	id2	positive	None	#univb has its biggest weekend of the season ( so far ) starting tonight ! missouri state @USER wichita state tomorrow @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	more primary filing mess , timmonsville is at it again , and more 7th congressional interviews . thank god it is friday ! #flosc
id1	id2	positive	None	preparations to mark the 64th independence day of #pakistan in a befitting manner on august 14 are in full swing ! aap ko mubarak in adv . :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	i missed the 10th birthday of avril lavignes sk8er boi ! darn , i love that song , especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy . #classic
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER bbl to take over @USER franchise in shor t-t erm . game with mersey this sunday to go ahead h ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	blake griffin poster dunk over kendrick perkins ( 6ft . 10 ) in hd ( jan . 30 ) URL thats why you roll after a pick .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i meant to ask you , did you get my text sunday night ? james murphy was playing the salty dog
id1	id2	positive	None	sat in a boozer in bethnal green listening to the dj play @USER - i think i like it at about 138bpm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER danny care card . to stand a chance of winning , tell us which football club he was at as a youngster = sheffield wednesday
id1	id2	neutral	None	there are now only eight tickets left for @USER s november 5th show at the leicester square theatre .. get in quick folks !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER is creeping ! rt me justin love ya so excited for the concert in october mexico loves you <3 u inspire me
id1	id2	neutral	None	in hastings , nebraska , its illegal to have sex without wearing a night shirt .
id1	id2	positive	None	come one , come all . bring your blankets , chairs , picnic stuff , watch crooklyn under the brooklyn bridge . gonna be a fun crooklyn summer night yo .
id1	id2	positive	None	thursday night football : tampa bay buccaneers v minnesota vikings ... : vimeo is the home for high-quality videos ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha brilliant !! morning katie ... happy friday ! bodg loves the drawing of him ! m
id1	id2	positive	None	#skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free b4 9:30 pm hosted by #saab its always fun when you rolling !!! haha x5
id1	id2	positive	None	just thinking about couple days i had in august ; stone roses one night then kasabian , noel g and the cribs the next . doesnt get much better
id1	id2	negative	None	drexel classes are cancelled monday and tuesday .. now i just need work to be cancelled ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	btn football practice tour starts tomorrow . leg 1 - wisconsin , minnesota , iowa and nebraska . ill keep you updated . stay in touch .
id1	id2	neutral	None	preparing for some jack white action tomorrow night by listening to the his setlist from dublin .
id1	id2	positive	None	ahhh just got laurens email !!! we are going to snap tomorrow #beready
id1	id2	neutral	None	the raiders game is tomorrow and im juiced . who is going or wants to go to the game ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER out with the old , in with the new , shown good discipline in the 1st 4 rounds tonight frankie , kept a cool head ! #andthenew
id1	id2	positive	None	nothing like a steak dinner then true blood on demand with my favorite person on earth ! perfect saturday night :)
id1	id2	negative	None	i really feel like poor planning was involved in whatever it was that made ash wednesday and national margarita day collide
id1	id2	positive	None	#rtesoccer robbie keane saying he always knew germany was going to finish 1st in the group !!! #winningmentality #coybig
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what do you expect thursday ? are you going to pull out that mikey magic on duels day again ? #hopeso
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER today issued a statement once it learned that sprint may take a controlling interest in clearwire in order ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im determined to watch the vow tomorrow , i still havent seen it !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i guess well see how far weve come on tuesday . i think , and fervently hope , that maryland will make us proud .
id1	id2	neutral	None	chicago : go see @USER #lovesgotaholdonme #sat october 27th 7p at the #haroldwashingonculcntr 47th & king dr.
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait for @USER to hit up az on sunday ! let the debauchery begin !
id1	id2	positive	None	the stones on a thursday morning make adie happy . keith richards stash would make me happier .
id1	id2	positive	None	james murphy best of luck tomorrow lil man . youll do great no doubts .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you can wait until tomorrow , cowboys and aliens comes out .
id1	id2	positive	None	im excited to go to the knicks vs . lakers game in december thanks daddy you dah best
id1	id2	positive	None	going to the knicks vs . heat game tomorrow . #hype last time i went to a basketball game was when i was 9 .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER kickball tournament is on its way #mizzouspirit pic.twitter.com/yesqdkgj .. the tigers are coming back strong tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER come party with us tomorrow night in naples maine at ricks cafe !!
id1	id2	negative	None	careless world tour hit up 8 places in cali . haha the fuck , yoo .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER id go with my first time for evanescence but the 2nd was amazing , nightwish was gorgeous , same for gaga , so difficult ^^
id1	id2	positive	None	URL any joey fans that want a cover for all nns wins may take this .
id1	id2	positive	None	later today : cowboys and aliens , good food , my chemical romance and blink 182 show with @USER and her friends . jazzed 2 teh max !
id1	id2	positive	None	love this vid !! 1st time ive seen it ! --- jules explains it all - david archuleta sings nandito ako . URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	if twilight wins all the awards at the tcas tonight , i will burn my twilight posters k ? ok .
id1	id2	negative	None	springbok captain john smit has torn ligaments in his right arm and may miss out on the rugby world cup . ek dink dis gooie nuus ! sorry !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens were playing the steelers and ray rice was running all over them
id1	id2	positive	None	one night like in vegas i make dat nigga famous
id1	id2	positive	None	is anybody going to the strawberry festival , in leicestershire ... i will be painting there live on the friday and saturday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER brilliant result !! i think the winnings may go on our phone bill after im a celeb or dancing on ice if the rumours are true :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	my tv just told me to go out tonight and be social and stay in tomorrow and have olive garden . mhmm .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER only you can answer before i try ! theres on wp8 a way to call 3rd p . apps ? like intents on android . i wanna switch to wp !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck tomorrow ! i did it once . big david james and harry redknapp started the race . they wore bomber jackets ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	this sunday join us for living in the valley . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	iguana in the desert . no shade . the sun is high in the sky . he can handle it . dont bet against him .
id1	id2	positive	None	october 22 .. see you @USER bacolod ! : > see you there sweet heart ! <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	former #mizzou rhp kyle gibson ( #twins ) will start in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat , 7pm on mlb tv .
id1	id2	positive	None	the roxy is alive with the sound of music this sunday at 1.30 pm . this is the last chance to see it on the big ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	went to see the mystery of charles dickens at the playhouse theatre , west end last thursday starring simon callow . its a must see !
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day of istep tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	if jacob tweets one more time tonight im beating his ass in school tomorrow #dontbethatguy
id1	id2	positive	None	my mum & dad are going to nigeria on tuesday , everyone wish them a safe flight
id1	id2	neutral	None	damn . who becomes the 3rd back , ajayi ? rt @USER boise state rb malcolm johnson tore acl in practice yesterday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	eh ... first day chinese new year is feb 10th ...
id1	id2	positive	None	we salute you lloyd robertson . good evening . #ltotheltotheoyd #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	queen latifah may be going dancing : remember when a dwts insider confirmed to us that the show was aiming for a higher caliber of ...
id1	id2	positive	None	one of my best 8th graders kory was excited after his touchdown today !! he did the victor cruz !! lol pic.twitter.com/tqorfrxb
id1	id2	positive	None	matt & trey on 60 minutes tomorrow . i havent been this excited for a segment since andy rooney learned about cordless phones .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER really liked tobacco rd . ill have to run through the whole album tomorrow before the wbb game .
id1	id2	positive	None	safe and sound at #flibs well be all over the docks tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	come to the art walk tomorrow night to see me perform my original acoustic guitar songs at coni and franc from 6pm-9pm !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	most common nights to order pizza : nye , jan 1 , day before thanksgiving , super bowl sunday , halloween . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	everyone come the the volleyball game at east tomorrow before the football game ! #playoffs2012
id1	id2	positive	None	im loving all the bond films on sky anytime . im on my 4th of the day
id1	id2	neutral	None	win tickets to see manchester city v ajax with ford ! : source : URL --- thursday , november 0 ... URL #mcfc
id1	id2	positive	None	monarchs ii 2 v 1 madras goals from @USER and capt . teare in the 2nd half gave the second team another great win #midland #hockey #fig
id1	id2	positive	None	watched the cabin in the woods , silent house , psycho , and the rocky horror picture show today ! yay ! :)) tomorrow iba naman ulit ! :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to richie hawtin at buffalo in new york , ny - oct 29 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	momma goes to bama tomorrow , but i am going over to mackenzie s house later <3 #momyoubettagetmethatshirt (;
id1	id2	neutral	None	mondays best of the web -floyd mayweather flips out , sheen roast , melissa mccarthy wins an emmy | dve morning show URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you should totally come and perform in houston and while your at it come and visit the houston rodeo in march :)
id1	id2	positive	None	dear espn - you arent fooling anyone with your monday night football graphics ... its thursday . just make tnf graphics . #thanks
id1	id2	positive	None	now that the sun is on him , my iguana is more active .
id1	id2	positive	None	the bulls head to cle friday night . one night doesnt a season make , but that was a solid win over wsh on opening night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	waiting for newcastle to smash the mackems with @USER #derbyday in the sun !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomb raider box art revealed : square enix released the final box art for tomb raider , due out march 5 . the art ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the teen choice awards is tomorrow ! i wish everyone from the cast of the vampire diaries , true blood and supernatural good luck ! go #tvd !
id1	id2	positive	None	leo , virgo ?! club pulse is the move this thursday ! leos & virgos are free before 12 ! also co-hosted by #evalesco ! evalesco will be there !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	headed back to huntsville this weekend just for this alumni stuff goin down friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to geoff tate at backstage live in san antonio , tx - nov 21 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	animal planet has a show that just shows puppies ... guess i know how im spending my saturdays for the next 20 years or so .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aw ! youre such a sweetheart ! def ! im going to be in dallas for thanksgiving , so ill be black friday shopping ! lets meet up !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i need to see jeremy evans on roni turiaf all over the place tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	darren sammy and dwyane bravo will donate der full 3rd match(vs nz ) fee to runako mortons wife !! dedicating it to a team man !! rip morton
id1	id2	positive	None	#1dfacts on the 21st of february 2012 , at 8:39 pm on table 74 , one direction lifted their first ever brit award for best british single
id1	id2	positive	None	i think bowen and cofield will be better in 2nd yr , and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason , but those are unhatched eggs
id1	id2	neutral	None	socratic seminar tomorrow about if catholics should vote for obama or rommey .. i dont care about politic in my country .. imagine in another ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	when they came out with istep a few years ago ... a few years ago ? dude ive been taking tests since i was in 1st grade #im28 #uroutoftouch
id1	id2	positive	None	tonight , i roast a chicken . tomorrow , i make chicken soup . love my job but wish i could cook for social justice .
id1	id2	negative	None	people talkin shit just wait ill be in huntsville tomorrow !! let me see you !!
id1	id2	negative	None	temple , drexel , penn , ny sd , state of nj - closed for monday and tuesday . philly sd ? still thinking about it . #thatmakessense #noitdoesnt
id1	id2	neutral	None	west indies players and kyle mills during a special presentation to the widow of runako morton on wednesday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kristin chenoweth arrives at the 2nd annual hero dog awards URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER damn brah it was good too ! we play the knicks tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	photo : dr. seuss has always been one of my favorite people . his work may have been surreal , but it always ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	lets be real even wit are d injured , flacco fuckin up , doin bad on the road , & are d playin like shit we still 2nd best team in afc #ravens
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ole miss band is fired up for rousing verion of dixie next tuesday night-wanna sing it rachel ?
id1	id2	positive	None	november super tour : nov 10-11 : rockwell ten ; nov 9 , 16 , 23 : abs-cbn friday market . meet super tuyo and friends ! see you ! :-)
id1	id2	negative	None	the wisdom of not running phony republicans tonight is this : all six dems are now winners . all six repubs are losers-to-be . #wirecall #p2
id1	id2	positive	None	starting the 3rd season of sons of anarchy . i watched seasons 1 and 2 in the last couple weeks . . im seriously hooked
id1	id2	neutral	None	had a dream about a chardon football last night . makes me wanna go to the game tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	k guys i got tot get some sleep for istep tomorrow and see 4/9 of my crushes cant wait and we r going outside luv u guys thanks for the
id1	id2	positive	None	#linsanit @USER jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut . thats the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wanna winwin some tickets to the vice x cph : dox - dk x dr party this saturday with james murphy and 2manydjs on ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	show in troy tomorrow come and see me say you saw the facebook post and get 10% off your purchase . 3179 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its nov 2nd , at mumbai intl airport with @USER . leaving india in 2 hours . mixed bag of feelings . #timeflies #bittersweet
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what happened at the spurs game last night mate ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : west ham united v hull city 28 apr 2012 : footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	strange sunday graham richardson defending gillard . stating the pm did not plot against rudd ( as he says & i should know ) #auspol
id1	id2	positive	None	monday already . thats ok - at volare restaurant chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today . we ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	... move the remaining teams to the d leagues , champion , moves up to the 16 team league & the 16th place team is bumped down to the d league
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER reading the book again ( at circe now ) intending to finish on 16th . radio 4 has programmes all day so ill be listening to most !
id1	id2	positive	None	omfgomfgomfgomfg the black dahlia murder/machine head/dethklok/all that remains are gonna be at the palladium in november ! * joooy *
id1	id2	negative	None	the brits dont need us-style debates . they debate every wednesday . then again , the uk parties dont have to work together . usually #pmq
id1	id2	neutral	None	dollar rises on concerns about global economy : the world bank cut its growth forecast for asia monday and said t ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	more headlining festival dates for rammstein , this time its polands impact festival that takes place on the 4th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	august 17th rt @USER cant wait to see the inbetweeners movie , will has to be my favourite ! whens it out ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	intro to fast pitch pitching lessons at spc . we have a spot available in our wednesday class from 5-6 pm the cost ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	got a vibe that the mvc is going to be happy with ncaa pairings tomorrow . 3 will get in and im starting to think wichita st will be # 4 .
id1	id2	negative	None	news : sydney , oct 12 ( ani ): pacer james anderson attacked an arrogant michael clarke with a batsmans pad in the dressing room afte ...
id1	id2	positive	None	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment : jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami city ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	can anyone help me with physics ? universal gravitation . i have this worksheet due tomorrow and i honestly can not figure it out
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ooo ... i think hes in milan . are you happy today ?
id1	id2	negative	None	getting up at 3am tomorrow to get to the embassy to wait outside in the freezing cold for 3 hours :( kinda hate south africa right now .
id1	id2	positive	None	the duke is loose . duke johnson pounds it in for a 7 yard touchdown . #miami leads #vtech 27-12 in the 4th .
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning thursday . life is fragile . were not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything youve got . - tim cook [ do it for jobs ! ]
id1	id2	positive	None	flashback friday : the dallas stars settle victoriously in to their new digs at the aac . watch : first game URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i miss one day & it seems like theyre about to give me iss tomorrow . #wtf #pt
id1	id2	positive	None	its super bowl sunday for the kids ! on the turf in chardon . #timetowin #herewego
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos next then ? the togo team of emmanuel adebayor ( tot ) , thats who . 1-1 away from 1st leg . 0-0 after 30 mins of the 2nd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow im downloading some chance the rapper and nipsey hussle
id1	id2	neutral	None	imma need brook lopez to get more aggressive on the boards . 7 feet tall , cmon son
id1	id2	positive	None	im really dying to hear that track with beyonce and the full version of thats my bitch off watch the throne . monday must come sooner
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER seems like a pretty crafty fella . if he thinks real hard , the finder fee may not be necessary !
id1	id2	neutral	None	recapping the 27th annual film independent spirit awards : actress penelope ann miller took the stage early a ... http @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh and being the weird person i am ok going down to starkville late friday night @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	lying in bed last night listening 2 the wind in porto heli & dreaming of windsurfing ! dropped off now : time for a 1/2 term bbq in the sun !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER but hell be on art bell tonight revealing the truth about the alabama leprechaun .
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck and have fun ! im think about yall in dallas today . @USER @USER #fight #alzheimers
id1	id2	neutral	None	review : black friday 2012 gerber 31-000758 gator machete with sheath : find , shop , see reviews , buy black frid ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER really ? really ? terrys guilt was well proven , tv footage was available . suarez was punished of the strength of evras word . cmon !
id1	id2	neutral	None	iran army monitoring all ships in gulf : tehran , oct 28 : a senior commander of the islamic revolution guard corps ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rita could you tweet danicas video ? shell be trying to meet justin on november 2nd in louisville . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have to decide if im going to the louisville game saturday asap so they wont take away my tickets
id1	id2	negative	None	kobe in the 4th is like eli manning . #beware
id1	id2	positive	None	i will consider arsenal to have the potential to win premier league this season if only they beat manchester united tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	after the disappointment of the 4draws ( an og bust it ) , ive gone for 7 away wins tomorrow ( including the mersey side derby ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	taylor allderdice might just be wiz 2nd best mixtape
id1	id2	neutral	None	tryna get wavy after work tomorrow its been a while
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want to go see final destination 5 on friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	shit , yeah , its thursday , russell howards good news and celebrity juice is on
id1	id2	positive	None	house is a great show , and thursday house marathons are 8 hours of a great show . good day to have a sinus infection . :d
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER penny dreadful is a record breaker is out in march , just in time for world book day ! x
id1	id2	negative	None	tony romo better be on point tonight ! dont have time to deal with his foolishness !
id1	id2	neutral	None	somalia will arrive in uganda on 8 november to give the team time for 15 training days before the start of the cecafa cup .
id1	id2	positive	None	fabio capello : from what ive seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	for the 2nd weekend in a row norwich city get a lucky break . still wouldnt be surprised if villa win but norwich got to get something now
id1	id2	neutral	None	observers from un , eu , cw , send to coni , according to this observers what the maldivian have seen live and on tvs on 7 feb are day dream ,
id1	id2	neutral	None	on the 7 hour journey from uni to st. james park - my real home . come on newcastle !! my 1st european night at sjp #nufc #brugge
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER thats awesome ! i went to brad paisley too !! and i went to afro jack last week ! are you going to life in color on friday ??
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER april 1st im gonna see you guys in london o2 arena ! cant wait ! xx
id1	id2	negative	None	nobel peace laureate jose ramos-horta warned monday that syria risked becoming a new somalia as he voiced pessim ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	great practice today at @USER ... thanks @USER for the good rnds and milan , kyle griffen . time for lunch and short rest
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER i wanna walk the brooklyn bridge one day , on a really nice night
id1	id2	neutral	None	tottenham v wigan : match preview :: tottenham and wigan are set to meet at white hart lane this saturday as the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	fucking stoked to hang out with my girl thalia tomorrow night . havent seen her in ages .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER just saw rhonda rousey will be at ufc event in seattle december 8 . you should have the rematch here , near home !
id1	id2	positive	None	third and final fantasy draft tonight , this time with my cousins . my keeper pick ? tony romo with a 10th rounder . boo yeah .
id1	id2	negative	None	and tampa does run a version of the option pass that wsh killed us on . rglll to davis may just be replicated .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER how they gone kill u on da 1st episode of the new season of breakout kings ? damn no more eye candy . miss you
id1	id2	positive	None	gonna ride the love train tomorrow .. dig it ... soul train ... ojays . . bad ass ... do it ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching act of valor for about the 17th time . but whos counting
id1	id2	positive	None	im taking the sat at bob jones . lol i feel cool .
id1	id2	negative	None	rick stein really is incredibly dull . bring back kids saturday morning telly please . you know , with pop groups and stuff #sarurdaykitchen
id1	id2	positive	None	mark martin : morning ! * yawn * good weekend so far ? like this status if youre having a lazy sunday or ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	celebrity saturday ! this is great tea good have around especially if you are going to be at the oscars URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER these people cannot know who mick jagger is ... you aint old , old skool maybe but cmon ! mick jagger has a lot more years than you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	bca voter education guide for november 6 . endorsed candidates & information on the constitutional amendments URL
id1	id2	positive	None	our professor moved our test back to tuesday , and brought candy !? damn , she must really love us . thanks , vanessa ! #tequiero
id1	id2	positive	None	ill be doing the senior bowl fun run with my niece next saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	raiders vs buccaneers game coverage : the raiders take on the tampa bay buccaneers this sunday in oakland and the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#worldnews sales of e l james much talked about fifty shades of grey trilogy fall for the first time in two mon ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	were having the crazy substitute in yearbook again tomorrow (( she does yoga in the back of the room )) (( she told us not to listen to porn ))
id1	id2	neutral	None	giving blood tomorrow >>> going to tok
id1	id2	negative	None	cmon rebels , put an apple in the pigs mouth !!! red wolves fans focus all of your hate & anger at the pigs tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy november 1st sweet friends !!! sweet thursday nods ( names of the day ) are ... charrish , selma , and aiden ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wanna go see legally blonde at north at 2 on saturday ? i told your mom already but i need to make sure they have tickets if ya want
id1	id2	positive	None	beautiful sunrise at the washington monument taken by @USER - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	summerslam may be interesting after all ! @USER saves the day again . #raw
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh , oh , oh just realised its 3 weddings in a row then pj harvey on sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	timeout #mtvb as arkansas state has come back to take a 20-19 lead in the 4th set . red wolves lead match 2-1
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER smthing went wrong b/w us . she is really good girl . may be i have done mistake !! . but she knows me . miss her !
id1	id2	positive	None	an incredible day in west liberty , ky . a small but strong community moving forward after march 2 tornadoes . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to cleveland tomorrow so ill break up the losing streak . verlander may help .
id1	id2	positive	None	oh yay ! my mom just told me that my grammy is coming tomorrow !!! woot woot ! #loveher
id1	id2	negative	None	i may go off the grid till 11/7 . christians keep driving me further from christianity . pregnancy after rape is science , not gods will .
id1	id2	neutral	None	want to gan see ferry corsten at digi on friday ... cant be bad if your ranked 15th in the world , above angello , hardwell & calvin harris .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait ! coming to see you in february from belgium !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yea gonna watch family guy for a bit and try one last time in about half hour , if not ill wait til morning i think
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER capello had a draw in his 4th game with juve in the serie a ( 2004/2005 ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 20th mr. president ! nick j forever off the chain .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER after hours tonight - jammin , dimples , durrty skanx , harry shotta , byron & romo audio download : URL > big !
id1	id2	negative	None	why these mfs jus blastin rella like itz the hood on saturday n shit lolz smh
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ur bank ? think maria may have something to say about that lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	seth mcfarlane set to host the 85th academy awards in february . what do you think of that choice ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow venus will transit across the sun . it wont happen again for a century . programme about it on bbc2 at 9 tonight . #spacefact
id1	id2	neutral	None	if everton get beat tonight , do u think moyes will walk out ? i think he should .
id1	id2	neutral	None	englands patel stakes test claim with century : mumbai : samit patel hit a century on thursday to make a strong ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER if look at nates numbers , its due to increased chance in oh . good o poll in fl may have helped too .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lololololololol im a sg on the bucks so im on a good team , but under monta ellis . whats your position ? were you picked 3rd ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	playstation vita ordered . i should have it on tuesday and then lbpv the tuesday after that . :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	watched aladdin on vhs last night , talk about high definition #stoneage
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : west bromwich albion v arsenal 13 may 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you find someone on d-1 please share . i may try to do some with wichita st. and their opponents this season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	after running the mall , we knew sam was the only thing that could keep the broken mon @USER monument URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the fact that so many will vote for a socialist fake liar for president is very very frightening and may bring america to ruin !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it will be like sunday night in miami , lmfao
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER four lions is on sunday night @USER on @USER make sure you watch it boys . ( eid mubarck imran ) #veryfunnyfilm
id1	id2	positive	None	i might act like tomorrow valentine day and pamper my gf maybe then shell feel better
id1	id2	positive	None	breezin won the best pop instrumental performance at the 19th grammy awards
id1	id2	positive	None	egypt& #039 ;s president mohamed morsi on monday pardoned all those arrested between the start of the revolution t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	porto is even more amazing as the sun sets ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for sarah g . live , and today is the 5th day of sarah g . day :)
id1	id2	negative	None	this time tomorrow , @USER and i will be well on our way to starkville for a sick weekend ... the usm game is going to be atrocious .
id1	id2	positive	None	its our 6th birthday !!! reggie your the best partner ever !!! we would like to thank all of our brides who ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you know a leo u know we doing it big !!! come party with the leos tomorrow night at the jett lounge !!! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#3dt begins this thursday at the s.e.c #signatureeventcenter 2001 south lumpkin rd $3 w/ college id $5 w/ regular id til 11pm !!! #iparty
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey reggie . how are you ? im very sorry that havent had the chance to get back to you . ill e-mail you tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	the usa eagles take on canada tonight at 9pm est in a warm-up before the rugby world cup - if you have direct tv ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER can we get a rt : big north london derby tonight cockspur rum t20 cup 2nd round @USER vs highgate cc 6.30 start @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	tottenham are without several big names for tonights [ thursday ] match at stadion ljudski vrt . emmanuel adebayor ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i remember having to watch the daytona 500 for mr. hoaks class in 7th grade . #goodtimes @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	jeff , joseph arthur and the amazing richard stuverud ... fox theater in bolder , november 18th . do not miss this !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the mccormick place ... rite here by the hyatt hotel on like 23rd nd king dr.
id1	id2	positive	None	great practice session with the @USER boys can not wait for friday with @USER & sunday in leicester square theatre !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER kath . i hope you do enjoy the game last night . tomorrow has another game . go jlin !
id1	id2	neutral	None	be here tonight at 6pm to see the ufc middleweight championship fight between anderson silva and yushin okami for free ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	russian air crash kills almost all of khl team pavol demitra , karlis skrastins , ruslan salei , brad mccrimmon among the dead , may they all #rip
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER eleanor , thats cool , it would be great to see your pastel art . ;) link to the painting i did on monday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	indians fire manager acta with six games left : the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday , endin ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ice may still issue an nta against her , though unlikely . let me know if melany needs a lawyer in the area for #daca .
id1	id2	negative	None	so , in jan 2010 darryl issa called investigating wikileaks a priority and today he dumped raw intelligence data on internet ? irony , anyone ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	arkansas state 3 , ul 0 ( 10:29 , 1st quarter ) brian davis nails a 47-yard fg on the red wolves opening drive of the game . #cajuns
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER new website to go with one of my favorite days of the year in #paris - nuit blanche ! URL this saturday !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER & if the potus wins 2nd term isnt that nj gov gonna go back to bashing him when his state is in better shape ( 2/2 )
id1	id2	negative	None	league ? rt @USER i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday ... i need sleeping pills ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER sellout-shmellout @USER attendance in 11-12 19th in league just above preds . small arena = small market .
id1	id2	neutral	None	love is like michael jacksons 8th nose .. youll never understand it
id1	id2	positive	None	i just hope danica meets justin tomorrow . and danielle . they both deserve it . they support justin with everything they have . #jbmeetdanica
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER a bit frustrating . i dont think ive added you on my new psn account . ill do it tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER gonna try using it with sadat , will evaluate my progress tomorrow at the library lol ...
id1	id2	negative	None	the only bad thing about barack obama having a 2nd term as president is that its always a flop 2nd time round historically
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yes i am . coz for me when henry , pires & others left & also cesc may be , were more sad than this rvp ! but do u think hes leaving ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat + @USER studio session on wed !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	tony romo better not fuck up tonight , im just hoping
id1	id2	neutral	None	its kerrys birthday tonight on big brother . be prepared for a jedward in hot pants . at 10pm . its the penultimate episode guys !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey are you going to blue diamond tomorrow ? and are you driving ? o:
id1	id2	neutral	None	milkily handsome in the manner of a cinematically doomed first world war infantryman : @USER on michael clarke URL
id1	id2	positive	None	like a good neighbor state farm is there ... with a check for the damage to my truck ... hopefully tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	time to roll out the red ( yellow blue and green ) carpet , looking forward to google coming in to pitch their new opportunity today at kinetic
id1	id2	positive	None	so glad that i slept again when my friend phoned me from gampel for the 2nd time ! now i have i know as voicemail on my mobile . #placebogig
id1	id2	neutral	None	trynna go to the movies today and see rise of the planet of the apes !
id1	id2	negative	None	goodnight , irene.al,you are easily amused . this club stinks . i think that the brewers may upset the apple cart and win the nl pennant .
id1	id2	neutral	None	what march just went through bethnal green ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	my new sounds : march of the ants + food scarce at the valley . mp3 URL on #soundcloud
id1	id2	neutral	None	rivers throw a pick on 3rd and goal . everyone here thought they would run the ball . bolts lead 1 0-0 at half .
id1	id2	neutral	None	signing flat papers today and then skating with my new derby chickas tommorrow #nervousmuch !
id1	id2	neutral	None	nadal confirmed for mexican open in february : rafael nadal is set to play at the mexican open in february ,... URL #tennis
id1	id2	neutral	None	this lady bought 4 bottles of wine on monday ... its only thursday and shes down to one ... #thirstythirsday #alcoholic
id1	id2	positive	None	oingo boingo ( well , most of the band ) tomorrow & leonard cohen on monday . #dudeimstoked
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi baby : *** see you tomorrow on sm sta . rosa ! yaay !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER im not sure about what evra is upto . i like buttner . should be given more games . rafael cannot defend . we might see a buy in jan
id1	id2	positive	None	harry redknapp 2nd favourite at 7/4 to be next blackburn boss !! venkys please make this happen !!! #makeredknapparover
id1	id2	positive	None	jeremy lin has 10 points and 4 assists . he would be the 4th best pg on the knicks .
id1	id2	neutral	None	member monday for prelim v crows from 9am-9pm today through ticketek . 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction . #always
id1	id2	positive	None	full time . happy days . apologies for the tweetathon , gotta finish tomorrows presentation now , derby in the morning . #pizzasweats #dominos
id1	id2	positive	None	wilt chamberlain 2 may be the best one
id1	id2	positive	None	10 ps4 launch games wed love to see . these are our hopes & dreams sony , be gentle with them : opm : a new ... URL postters
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hellyeaa ahaha , one of the 1st streets on niggas !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tuesdays rainfall @USER was 0.64 which is a record for the date .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its cool , the less recognition we get , the more we win . ill take that ... all the way to n.o. in february .
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday starts with playing smells like teen spirit - nirvana #clt
id1	id2	positive	None	ground hog day is such a good film , sunday is for food and films #sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	#torchlight2 comes out tomorrow . torchlight is in my list of best games of all time . i like it better than diablo iii . 2 promises more .
id1	id2	neutral	None	first 24 hours in london got given a free rail card , saw 3 squirrels going to work , may have found a home & theres big alan rickman posters
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER better suit up at the senior bowl friday night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	negros and nigglettes , all who would like to attend the a$ap rocky concert on november 17th at starland lemme know tickets are only 25
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER because i went to my 1st match when i was 4 ? my last match was the carling cup final . #ddliverpool URL
id1	id2	positive	None	godfrey was kinda funny though on comedy central tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense & amazing few days in derby with the @USER lads ! dvd is looking ace !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the fa will be bringing a new interactive road show to arsenal ladies ahead of the game against everton on thursday
id1	id2	neutral	None	clt20 i am willing to bat at any number , says rahane - mumbai : ajinkya rahane on thursday insisted he does not have ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	get the skinny on verizon announces ice cream sandwich for motorola droid bionic : after waiting for what may hav ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER november 4th at constitution hall & idk i guess shes out lolol URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dir . gen . alan hoffmann and chairman of the board of governors jim tisch have brought #tlvbog to a close . see you in february in jerusalem !
id1	id2	positive	None	:o inbetweeners movie a week today !! aaahhh ! might wear my wellies to the cinema cause ill be knee deep in clunge ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	mta says it may close city subway if hurricane #irene packs too big a punch . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	lady gaga fears classmates : los angeles , nov 1 ( ians ) singer lady gaga is still in touch with some pe ... URL @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	monday at town ballroom : richie hawtin with loco dice . dude is so awesome . tix still avail at URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	no footy as wednesday ... you know thursday is spurs day @USER hart lane stadium ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER are you off somewhere nice ? im bored today . got a list of 395 applications i need to get ready for windows 7 . tedious
id1	id2	positive	None	so pumped for no school tomorrow and sleeping in and even more excited for the hooch tennessee here i come !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	i forgot plies gone be at the moon tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going over to britain and irelands next top mode and jls are performing on the monday and thats the day i was supposed
id1	id2	neutral	None	departure of ship : jumbo spirit port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 4:49 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel a ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you know that doug wead and jeremy richter , the short film elektable out june 28 , is going to be doing a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoying my 1st time on caltrain - bikes on the 1st floor , passengers on the 2nd floor . pic.twitter.com/qo2tanke
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER are having @USER day saturday . want to go ? avs prospect michael clarke plays for windsor .
id1	id2	neutral	None	join team pml(n ) representative to support pmln vs pti kids at front line with kamran shahid recording tomorrow ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hamid mir has rejected the negative views of saleem safi , sana bucha & kamran shahid on pti peace march . read his tweets !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sheffield wednesday linked with roger johnson , ivan klasnic and michael antonio . big coups if they get them . #massive ? ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	earliest possible date for amanda knox appeal verdict : sept 29 , per court schedule just released . final arguments begin sept 23
id1	id2	neutral	None	eric adelson with the slam : ( flacco ) looked more like blaine gabbert than eli manning on sunday . #ravens
id1	id2	neutral	None	arrival of ship : nms 202 port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 6:21 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approach ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER mhm i need sleep befor i go on the plane so i think imma go to sleep b on tomorrow when i get to mexico
id1	id2	negative	None	windows 7 brain damage this evening . apple should just buy microsoft and crush the life out of it . please .
id1	id2	neutral	None	attn : there will be a candlelight vigil held for mitch tonight at 8pm in huntington beach at main st. & 12th . ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hmm ya . ouh so , not come training le ?
id1	id2	positive	None	looking fwd to my 14s first hit out against dv tonight . derby tmrw , rest sunday , birthday monday . i can smell you long weekend its so good
id1	id2	neutral	None	mark dekanich made 35 saves sunday as the st. johns icecaps defeated the connecticut whale 3-2 in the american hockey league .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on the show now , tsu hc rod reed , his tigers take on murray state on saturday . tsu is 8-1 ( 4-1 in the ovc )
id1	id2	positive	None	i saw okay movie there friday nightrise of the planet of the apes , i still like conquest
id1	id2	neutral	None	can it please be wednesday and potus has been re elected . then we can move this country #forward !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive watched the benji 30 for 30 before and this 2nd time hurt . kinda hits home . thinkin bout the homie darrell . #ripdt
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i am seriously thinking about it ! i may go back down to drexel to get some books .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#pricewise tom segal will be on @USER from 9:00 am tomorrow morning to preview the live channel four races . #newmarket #horseracing
id1	id2	neutral	None	a warm thursday for cenla with highs in the 80s for the sixth straight day . natchitoches and colfax led the way with 88 . #kalb5
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt cbsatlbreaking : jury selection begins today in the trial of conrad murray . hes the doctor charged w/ involun ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	my algebra teacher saw all my gaga stuff today and we were talking about jo at the vmas and he said for now on her will call me gaga ! :d
id1	id2	negative	None	#loanwatch : ben amos is a doubt for tonights hull city game vs doncaster ( 2nd round league cup ) , with a groin problem .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tuesday is cleaning day at shop ! and you all thought us indys were all snorting caviar off roman abramovich and that #mythbusting
id1	id2	negative	None	so sad to hear about pavol demitra & the other khl players tragic passing in the plane crash today . absolutely terrible news .
id1	id2	positive	None	it appears douglas adams may have right about telephone sanitisers all along . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching puss in boots & ghost rider : spirit of vengeance with the family ! d&d character roll up and bio tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER mid-feb at the moment . im hoping it arrives before chinese new year !
id1	id2	negative	None	fridays cnet update is playing one republic : apple ceo says sorry for ios 6 map mess apple ceo tim cook has said he was extremely sorr
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER noticed that joke when you interviewed reid hoffman . better the 2nd time around ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	okay me and @USER are about to watch the woman in black . this may be a terrible night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	one space has just become available on my photography for parents workshop on sat 24 nov in cobham ... more details here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	raymonds been busy and we have homemade gingerbread with lemon icing for tomorrows homemade cake . soups will ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh hey youre in the same event as me for deca on monday . prepare to get ass raped fyi . #justkidding #excitedthough
id1	id2	positive	None	hahahaha spanish people and nadals box all smiling after the break in the 5th set hahahahahaha #rewatchingaofinal
id1	id2	negative	None	luna is taking a break today , not perfecting any major aspects to any of the other 6 planets , until she will meet jupiter tomorrow morning
id1	id2	negative	None	iebc warns it will revert to manual voter registration if bvr kits delay , says poll timetable may change .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow gonna be hell yall . though , i am going to the golden modes in chapel hill !
id1	id2	negative	None	nebraska doesnt land gesell ... a top 100 guy in your state and you dont get him . cmon #nebrasketball
id1	id2	neutral	None	rob lowe who portrayed drew peterson , now takes on casey anthony prosecutor : on monday it was revealed that rob ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	went to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight great movie b+ for sure . !! lchris-rockz !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	man i love @USER stayed the night last night from detroit and we had a blast . love you 2wee . even tho were right nxt to e/o ha
id1	id2	positive	None	the fact that we are going to be sophia grace and rosie at the studio on tuesday makes me soo happy ! @USER #accents #cuties
id1	id2	neutral	None	stoke will make a january move for blackburns martin olsson and newcastle are fighting napoli and roma for rive ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	four lions is a brilliant film but i think it may be a bit insensitive of channel 4 to show it so close to 9/11 ...
id1	id2	negative	None	sandy , if you have ruined my chances to see bruno mars on monday i will go buck wild .
id1	id2	positive	None	the marching band is playing the 3rd quarter dance song right now and i can hear it from my class . i gotta do it , cant stop ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	taiwan court extends ex-leaders jail term - taipei : taiwans high court said friday it has extended ex-leader chen ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	cant sleep ... watching stevie tv for the 4th time tonight @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	and the new season opener is against the dallas stars on thursday , oct 25 . you probably shouldnt buy tickets yet . call me cynical .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER destructo next thurs , free before 10:30 , guest list . lets go . cause i can !! ( its 21+)
id1	id2	neutral	None	iknowushould2 will be at the tom joyner health festival @USER liacouras center tomorrow come out for freebies ! @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	our beautiful new firepit is complete , just in time for the friday night movie , journey 2 the mysterious island ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	tim roth will be playing in a movie with jean dujardin . i .. cant .. ok , i may pass out now .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER if youre tryna go north on iowa theres a bad accident down by 6th street ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lol . maybe friday since im going to georgetown .
id1	id2	positive	None	its friday love question time - im answering as many love questions as possible with cards and astrology - now ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	did you just tell me lucas scott leaves in the 6th season of tree hill with peyton to travel the wolrd ? #youjustruinedmylife #fuckyou
id1	id2	positive	None	wish you were eating @USER os today ? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie os lunch , & health workshop :)
id1	id2	negative	None	everything about brownsville is just bad and depressing . cant wait to go back home tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	now off for some hiking in the black forest ~ have a nice sunday ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	tony romo may want to check craigslist for hyperbaric chambers .
id1	id2	positive	None	excitement and danger #estatesales . found old wwii shells , not inert ! spent time with bomb squad ! how is that for a monday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to level 42 at sentrum scene in oslo , norway - nov 2 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	today * very * rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans .
id1	id2	neutral	None	coming home tonight , i saw a we support italy in the rugby world cup in a hair salon in newmarket . ha ! how come ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nick diaz may be suspended , but his manager is trying to set up his next fight , saying a match with josh koscheck ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i want to go see la arolladora banda el limon on sunday october 14 in pico rivera ! but ivan doesnt wanna go :( who will go with me ? tix $35
id1	id2	neutral	None	kung fu panda 2 or take em back to the jungle book ~ rt @USER movie night with the kids at the crib . what should we watch ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone in year 12 or 13 thats gunna see the woman in black needs to give the money to mchale tomorrow ! spread the word please !
id1	id2	neutral	None	an evening with maya angelou 7:30 p.m. oct . 4 in elon universitys alumni gym . $12 . tickets available sept . 13 . ( 336 ) 278-5610 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	front line with kamran shahid anp shahi syed URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER one of my 1st music videos in the 90s is bad blood of @USER s dad . an aids awareness video of francis m .
id1	id2	positive	None	huffingtonpost : tomorrow venus , jupiter , and the moon will align for a brilliant night show URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ricky ponting and i now have something in common . today he passed 23,000 1st class runs . last night at training , i was hit for 23,000 runs .
id1	id2	positive	None	im so excited im gonna meet buddy from cake boss at ruth eckerd hall with grammy on jan 12 . cant wait !!! pic.twitter.com/mi1trulp
id1	id2	positive	None	hope youve got your tickets/tables for plies tomorrow night 10/6 at belo nightclub with z 90.3 | san diego !! if ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the posters for need/want/crave have arrived & will be up at the leicester square theatre from tomorrow or friday . just under a month to go .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#nowplaying jim white - crash into the sun URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if @USER tickets sellout before i get paid on thursday i will be left with no other option than murder .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck tomorrow :) and have you ever been to scotland or ireland . and if you have did you like it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	playing indianapolis this saturday at the white rabbit , with ko and street spirits - gotta go to this one ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh , starbucks ! please pop out anywhere in zc . may it be in vitali ! ill fly !
id1	id2	neutral	None	100 days away : barack obama & mitt romney meet in their first tv debate at the university of denver ( 3 oct )
id1	id2	positive	None	had a good day overall :) cant wait for tomorrow to see the kids dressed up and zachary !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	longline bras hurt to dance in , i can drive in wellies , a white haired man has never left the #iom , merlin was a saucy old sorcerer . night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jackson back in camp monday @USER you ready to see the eagles lift up that trophy !
id1	id2	neutral	None	indian ocean with @USER got 1.4 m viewers on sunday with repeated programme about somalia . more than double much trailed show on c4 .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER lauren , sweetheart , how was your day on this wonderful thursday ? :) ... that better -.-
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ok mr king see me about the bills ( or the eagles for that matter ) come the first weekend in february . #bills #eagles #nfl
id1	id2	positive	None	hey jesus , i come to you asking that the power goes out in winans so i wont have to go to school tomorrow also . i thank you in advance amen
id1	id2	negative	None	wayne is on his 4th single w/ carter iv already & still no album drop .. sounds to me like hes searching for hits but hasnt found one yet
id1	id2	neutral	None	#pakistan #news procter and gamble sales fall 6.7 % : p&g said net earnings in the quarter to september 30 fell to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the lovely @USER on the show friday . until that beeyotch showed up andy rooney and i were the hottest mamacitas on cbs
id1	id2	negative	None	uh drunk and tired and just remembered im going to ireland in the morning and need to pack . ireland :(
id1	id2	positive	None	white day ... one month after the valentine day , march 14th ... its a romantic day ! xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER making a spotify list of albums you mention in your @USER piece . cherry moon stk or sign o the times princes 7th album ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	in the carling cup previously , arsenal played their 2nd string , but even then you could count on bendtner / vela to grab a few goals #nb52
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER at da end of da night no girl that roll with me is on da mta ! they are above that as long as i can afford that !
id1	id2	positive	None	off to learn about google analytic today ... i hope it doesnt get too technical . looking forward to it though .
id1	id2	neutral	None	city game at the ravens stadium saturday at noon 10 dollars to get in i will be there who else going ?
id1	id2	positive	None	anderson silva better fuck up yushin okami tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	david miliband in the ft today : germany may have more in common with britain or poland than with euro members such as italy or even france .
id1	id2	positive	None	listening to muse like crazy till i see them , then straight onto evanescence and the who for november 4th , sounds good
id1	id2	neutral	None	steve williams just threw tiger woods under the bus after win w adam scott today . after 33 yrs and 145 wins this is the best wk of my life
id1	id2	neutral	None	someone should come with me to noel fielding on saturday night because noel fielding , basically #please #iwillcry
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day <3 !!... yes , in brazil , it is celebrated on june 12 . your mind = blown !
id1	id2	positive	None	i just realized that the boys won their brit award on my birthday february 21 then i was like partying that time they recieved it ! #bestgiftx
id1	id2	positive	None	good afternoon everyone its monday afternoon and im live on the airwaves of amfm till 4pm . hello and welcome to amy lee in the afternoon .
id1	id2	positive	None	jlin had a nice little bounce back game tonight , hopefully he gets back into his linsanity groove by tuesday
id1	id2	neutral	None	droid bionic is out today . if any pr reps will send one my way , ill talk about it here there and ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to be cool and be at church tonight @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	cba for work this weekend , wana be a sloth on sunday with @USER and @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	is this on tv again ? @USER most of redskins starters will sit tonight vs tampa bay , but 1st ol will play as long as beck ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER leonard martin category saturday not live movies with chris farley , phil hartman or john belushi
id1	id2	neutral	None	alot of free throw conditioning drill for the lakers tomorrow at practice
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd attempt to head eastbound in a hurry . on my way to @USER in cardiff & im going to get there one way or the other
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 2nd the ryan budget was from many years ago , most recent didnt include that and mitts said many times hes the president and ..
id1	id2	negative	None	rt @USER at practice , lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury . > lions dropping like flies
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rivers may have just entered cmon man territory with that int in the end zone -- #chargerfansbooing why did that need a hashtag
id1	id2	neutral	None	check it out !! big time rush : dance party & big time rush : backstage pass pushed back a week , out on november 13 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	( schedule ) exo-m will be going to nanjing tomorrow ; but there is no specific time .
id1	id2	neutral	None	meetings in edmonton tomorrow morning . shopping in the afternoon . football game in the evening . drinks afterwards ? where ?
id1	id2	positive	None	is all about one night by elvis presley
id1	id2	positive	None	the snickerdoodle-strawberry ice cream sandwich is back !!! well be at the sr wed . night mkt , guernville farm ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER december 29th will show all the louisville fans that kentucky is the best
id1	id2	neutral	None	might have to go for a plan b on my halloween costume , unless the stars align tomorrow . why is halloween on a wed ? #awkwardrushedplanning
id1	id2	negative	None	2nd zen dixie ! if you dont read & share , god will kill a baby kitten . i will haunt you w/ redundancies & bad puns . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i hate mikey and vanessa . i hope tomorrow at the movies they run out of tickets and they have to walk all the way back home .
id1	id2	neutral	None	havent watched ttoa with eng sub yet . gotta sleep now . gonna watch it tomorrow . ( ~ o ~ )zz gud nite tlist .
id1	id2	neutral	None	timmonsvilles bubba huggins endorses tom rice in the june 26 , 7th congressional district republican primary run ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this time tomorrow night ill be partying it up in chapel hill :) #cantwait
id1	id2	negative	None	i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl .
id1	id2	positive	None	ok all yall catholics , tomorrow be a holy day of obligation . be sure to get yall a$$ to mass .
id1	id2	neutral	None	irish sunsport tuesday : robbie keane rallies the troops ahead of vital faroes clash @USER #roi
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my husband company is bring you all some much needed gas !!! he should be there sometime tomorrow afternoon from fl .
id1	id2	neutral	None	france : friday was last day to exchange the obsolete franc for euro , banque de france said - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday wilt chamberlain ! he may be dead , but was also known for being stiff when he was alive .
id1	id2	neutral	None	boise state may make brandon boykins day . URL /via @USER #uga #dawgs #boise #georgia #bulldogs
id1	id2	negative	None	just met the players for the 1st time : this roger johnson fella walks around like he owns the place . so i debagged him & flicked his helmet !
id1	id2	neutral	None	so plan for tomorrow , morning jits with frankie and tom , open mat drilling and specific train with my great friends then pho
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER results live at 10pm on channel 4 . if you have 4 music its on there from 9.45 . lets get tanked up tomorrow either way !
id1	id2	neutral	None	for second time , eagles make stop -- and commit a penalty . pi on kendricks gives atl another 1st down . groundhog day lives .
id1	id2	positive	None	another huge fireworks show @USER homecoming , big enough to rival detroit s , & it happen again tomorrow night !
id1	id2	positive	None	today for the first time i noticed how gorgeous it is when the sun comes up over the washington monument .
id1	id2	neutral	None	upa trying to hide corruption with reform , fdi : jayalalithaa : chennai , oct 6 : tearing into the centres b ... URL #india
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER is on the radio instead . mt @USER its the first week without any waterloo road . going to be a boring thursday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dude i miss you ! ahaha physics was fun .. especially when all of us sat in thee bck
id1	id2	neutral	None	for the 1st time since 1978 italy will travel to a major tournament without franco baresi , paolo maldini or cannavaro via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	saw x-men : first class last night . still gotta see captain america , transformers , cowboys & aliens and rise of the planet of the apes #whew
id1	id2	neutral	None	on monday i go back to my old job for the fourth time . my life is the groundhog day movie .
id1	id2	negative	None	the big l is strictly gunplay i run thru church n pistol whip the priest every sunday . damn :|
id1	id2	positive	None	directioners ! little things video will be out at 8pm uk time tomorrow . which means it will be 1:30 am in india :) ill be travelling ! :(
id1	id2	positive	None	i will see him perform at club pulse tomorrow so happy lol my bday ... come party with me having a ... URL < via #instagram >
id1	id2	neutral	None	curtis painter was asked in interviews today if as the lead singer of nirvana was getting the band back together .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday to haryana . march on the path to progress ...
id1	id2	negative	None	#howtopissagirloff stick a dead goat through her letter box on february 14th with a note written in blood saying happy valentines day
id1	id2	neutral	None	thinking about going to henryville tomorrow its been7 months since the tornado destroyed it . its my home town i will take pictures
id1	id2	neutral	None	is anyone i know going to the joseph wright induction day on wednesday ? #loner #scared
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can you play wah wah or bware of darkeness by george harrison tomorrow please :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i may relent and get one myself , but i hope it doesnt come to that . hopefully all the decent apps will get ported to android
id1	id2	negative	None	dongwoo gets so scared the whole time . this is like the 5th time he got scared because of the staff thats filming them lol ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just watched the pursuit of happiness for the 1st time . i love it . good deeds by tyler perry is the girl version
id1	id2	positive	None	trifecta ... lions win ... tigers win ... tigers win again = a good sunday siting on the couch .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer aniston takes the plunge is low-cut , sexy outfit . too much ? see #ottawa sun photo gallery & vote . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch live streaming video of the pancake day activities tomorrow at URL make sure you ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	packing for italy - starting with arena di verona tomorrow then heading to cesena , my hometown . piadina romagnola ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait to see you dec 5th , at msg in ny <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	its this thursday night ! b95s 11th annual hold em for hope texas hold em poker tourney at the eagles club in ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lol david letterman re : hanging crane in nyc so what theyre gonna do tomorrow is get @USER near it to make it stick upright #amazing
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning america of nicki minaj was great when she perform moment 4 life @USER #nickiminaj
id1	id2	neutral	None	tryna make sure everything go as planned saturday . . .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER free agent wr jerricho cotchery , traveling to baltimore tonite to begin visit with ravens . visited pitt recently
id1	id2	positive	None	interesting visit with terra nova yesterday at stoneleigh , blowing a hoolie and voyager 2.2 wasnt moving , class tent .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you just may be my soulmate .. jsyk .. lol .. we gotta have us an alan rickman date soon so we can fangirl to our hearts content !!
id1	id2	negative	None	your mom sat on psn and it went down .
id1	id2	negative	None	monday morning caltrain ride from home to work is always to short . i know that i may be in the minority with that opinion . #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	thinking about stepping out tomorrow too club bodi ... decisions to be made
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may have missed out seeing noel fielding and rich fulcher today , but i did just see tom tilley ! #samsimmons
id1	id2	neutral	None	covering global marijuana march for @USER night and day from #420 , fewer juggalos , more serious advocates .
id1	id2	neutral	None	did i just here that tony romo played hide and seek at his bachelor party ? cmon son ! #dallascowboys #hop URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER that could be the turning point in the series . not just the game ... the series . with verlander pitching thursday ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER 1/2 white ? doesnt matter ; malcolm x may hv been as well . still no specifics . u ppl dont hv ideas except make bombs killem all
id1	id2	positive	None	can silicon valley re-charge solar energy ? : silicon valley innovators apple and google may be the best hope left ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	any pubs or cafes putting on the us election on wednesday in wellington ? and what time nz will coverage start ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	michael jacksons doctor , conrad murray is scheduled to go on trial on september 8th . can he receive a fair trial ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER trying to do the same ha . but ive been good . just waiting to be up in auburn with yall in january
id1	id2	positive	None	on the plus side @USER have a gig on saturday night at the lexington - come along :)
id1	id2	positive	None	guess which star is the 5th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer ?
id1	id2	positive	None	we will be at the ma rural waters trifecta on sept 12 demonstrating utility cloud and presenting on cloud technologies . see you there !
id1	id2	positive	None	big day in the sun now a big night in the heat with @USER #poppinbottles
id1	id2	neutral	None	mashasha & sam will play @USER mix , london on 2 nov to launch film africa watch the trailer with music by mashasha URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ever since uncharted 3 and mass effect 3 , ive been weary of third games . then again this is technically the 5th . cant wait !
id1	id2	negative	None	no favorites for russia-portugal clash - capello : moscow , october 11 ( ria novosti ) - russias match with portu ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good win for nufc . nine changes to sundays team and still doing well . got to keep this going now . #nufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	so i thought yesterday was tuesday . im thinking today will be a little like the movie ground hog day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is hosting joe bermudez friday night in the wildcat den ! free for students ! listen to launchpad tonight , 8pm . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody here on natchitoches got a membership at the warehouse an free to workout tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	really pumped about knock2bag on friday w/ @USER @USER and sheeps and others ! doors 7pm at rich mix .
id1	id2	neutral	None	alternative news : black triangle sighting in tucson , arizona on october 20th 2012 - red circle with triangle cut ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nba predictions : champs - mia runner up - lal mvp - lebron 6th man - ginobli rookie of the year - davis most improved - paul george
id1	id2	negative	None	going to try & watch act of valor for the 2nd time . the part i seen are pretty bad ass
id1	id2	negative	None	off to scotland today for the week so ill miss the wankfest at wembley . utd 2-1 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	christianity is a life style , not just a quick sunday service or blessing of food . live life as a light . be different then the world #wwjd
id1	id2	positive	None	comedy central is a good look tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	more footage from the studio where bullet for my valentine just finished up recording their upcoming 4th album ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness ? find out how with @USER in san fran in dec URL pls rt !
id1	id2	neutral	None	found high school musical on netflix ... may or may not be watching it . wish you were here @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER best one ever 7th track dr. dre on the beat ft . biggie , 2pac , big l , & big pun ... song is gonna be called we aint dead lmaooo
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER movie day and some of grammys hot chocolate tomorrow ... #pleaseohplease
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ate danica thank you so much you make may day happy ate pwede po ba makuha number mo ??? :))
id1	id2	neutral	None	despite rumors that sandy will close down @USER kremlin , & houses of parliment , it appears well still have classes tomorrow . sigh .
id1	id2	positive	None	yes we have the nufc vs west brom live on our tvs newcastle united are back at st james park for the 1st time in ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	parents left this morning for italy , its 35c there , gutted im not going with them ! #couldbebythebeach
id1	id2	neutral	None	leaving now for the long drive to detroit , had about 3 hours of sleep after chicago last night , but wide awake ! see some of you tonight !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	fca is tomorrow morning at 7:30 in the pac ! were doing small groups ! i hope to see you all there !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER so you want people like chief keef & ted nugent to have guns . cmon son #debate
id1	id2	neutral	None	scrap my last tweet ! at 5:22 on the 24th for australian directioners it will be two years for the boys
id1	id2	neutral	None	we called boise state & tried to get them to schedule north carolina on monday night . they didnt do it mickey matthews on unc game #caafb
id1	id2	neutral	None	the art/science project i did with my brother ( sitting on his coattails ) is coming to edmonton . opens nov 8th . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	porto are the only team letting me down ! cmon boys turn this around
id1	id2	neutral	None	our new dance instructor for #clubfitness has toured w/ beyonce !!! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	be sure to watch the broadcast premiere of the official 2012 iditarod race documentary - sunday 6-8pm . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	primavera fixture list - milan primavera begin their campaign on august 25th at cesena and end it on april 27th at s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	comedy central going in tonight ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey would you mind like tomorrow answering some questions about god and christianity for me im trying to understand it all and >
id1	id2	neutral	None	reminder july 22nd @USER i will be hosting an open lobby on the livestream URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	departure of ship : al dhafrah port : abu dhabi time : nov 2 2012 3:09 am ( utc ) ( time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app ...
id1	id2	positive	None	joaquim rodriquez may have missed out on the pink jersey but he is top of rankings by over 700 points from tom boonen #procycling
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wonder if natchitoches central game home friday i just might go .!
id1	id2	positive	None	#tragickingdom is the best album of all and my favorite song off this album is #excusememr . sunday morning and sixteen are close seconds ...
id1	id2	positive	None	oh man , tomorrow im definitely going to have a young life hangover after that dance party ! it was so worth it ! #totalylmove #ythelnot #best
id1	id2	neutral	None	endymion is responsible for the 6th q-base update . heres the preview of their thunderdome anthem . watch , listen ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	counting by christina grimmie reminds me of nashville . i always listen to it on the roadtrip . saturday will be no exception :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER this is true ... dude ying yang twins are playing on the green tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	the #lakings hve been so good on #nhl13 that the real team might disappoint me . jeff carter has 43 goals thru january . #isthatpossible
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct 8th dm @USER for details , please rt !
id1	id2	positive	None	yeah im pretty sure im going to selma tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	colby robak gets credit for 2nd assist on rampage first goal . 1-1 tie , aeros in san antonio , halfway through the first .
id1	id2	positive	None	if youre ever having a bad day watch too cute on animal planet . its all about the 1st few weeks 4 baby animals , mostly puppies & kittens .
id1	id2	positive	None	rugby is a great winter sport for gaa ladies looking to keep up there fitness . come along friday to kilkenny rfc at 7 to try it out
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER goon is on tomorrow at 9 , just sayin .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mom : why are you listening to plies early sunday morning ? me : * blank stare * * pause * my strip club name is mr. will-throw-it * walks away *
id1	id2	negative	None	but then i dont get why ep kings are gonna play super rugby but they still playing kwi 1st div .. crusaders aint no pumas just so they know
id1	id2	neutral	None	pacino is going to play joe paterno . this is the 2nd time he has starred in a film , that has the line say hello to my little friend- snl
id1	id2	neutral	None	20 june 2012 , out european tour party drove the fabulous road from davos to stelvio . this is the last little bit ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	big redd , young savage and reed dollaz will be on stage tomorrow night ! philly its going down !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	update : mallshow with the #pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy , divine , deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza , april 30 , 6pm ! -- adminkim
id1	id2	neutral	None	in 1992 pope john paul ii proclaimed the catholic church wrongly condemned galileo for asserting the earth revolves the sun - 359 years late
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER she might be , most artists tend to get knocked off after the 1st week , unless theyre gaga or beyonce or something haha x
id1	id2	neutral	None	mohamed morsi , egypts muslim brotherhood president , instructed the supreme council of the armed forces thursday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just got the last win of the season ! 2nd place in league woot woot ! cif here we come !!! ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	may even get to watch the north london derby match at emirates for the first time next season !
id1	id2	neutral	None	photos : the 10th hour & fear of none played the basement at santos party house URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sixteen tomorrow omg what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building
id1	id2	neutral	None	conrad murrays trial is set for september 8th , it will be shown on live television . i am watching it . #justiceformj
id1	id2	negative	None	valor is official screwed tomorrow .. audis and bmws arent good in the snow ... #valorproblems #richkidproblems #letsgetoursecondcarsout
id1	id2	neutral	None	has anyone seen under the cherry moon ( film starring prince ) and , if yes , can you confirm if this is a fruitful use of a friday off work ?
id1	id2	positive	None	tremendous rally by miesha tate to win by armbar in the 3rd . julie kedzie is a great ambassador for mma + fought her a ** off . respect .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER this just in : rui en joins elvin ng & co . in clif2 , scheduled to air 18 feb 12 . surprise ?
id1	id2	positive	None	the only 2nd coming im interested in is @USER bringing his wrecking ball back to the uk #hisalmightybruceness
id1	id2	neutral	None	tuesday is the 34th anniversary of the death of elvis presley ? watercooler ? what is elvis biggest selling single ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER my friends and i are betting joe wets his pants when he sees the whopping mittens will get nov 6
id1	id2	positive	None	this sunday , come watch the ravens take on the browns , and help support the baltimore humane society ! captain ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if the steelers play as good as they did sunday i say keep the bee uniforms on all the way to the superbowl #steelers
id1	id2	positive	None	incredible pass from vick to kyle williams . williams out jumps carr in the end zone , 21-0 in 2nd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	saya mengirim 166 foto di facebook dalam album java jazz on the move , supermall karawaci URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm !! #fvsu rrtt
id1	id2	neutral	None	and here it comes ! the main bout for the evening , anderson silva vs . yushin okami #ufcrio
id1	id2	neutral	None	capricorn rules the 10th zodiac house in sidereal astrology . practical . leaders . make things happen .. managers . pic.twitter.com/crqldbrq
id1	id2	neutral	None	plies is just kirk franklin on a saturday night
id1	id2	positive	None	on modern family , when sofia yelled cmon estella and ran into the pool , omg i laughed like never before .
id1	id2	negative	None	martin stupid 1st notice , 2nd notice , a dont let me catch your ass in the street notice
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday wilt chamberlain may you rest in peace
id1	id2	neutral	None	girls gone wild will be filming live @USER this saturday !!! #bacp 10-2am $10 at the door !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow venus will transit the sun for the last time for the next 105 years . forecast - #weatherbomb
id1	id2	neutral	None	* singing in my beyonce voice * i may be young , but im ready ... to give you all my love
id1	id2	positive	None	saturdays ufc on fuel tv looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc 151 . no surprise 151 got cancelled . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i swear when @USER carter iv to drop on the 29th .. music artists beware . you are now watching a master at work
id1	id2	positive	None	so far i have drafted aaron rodgers at #9 overall , and then at #16 in the 2nd round , matt forte . not bad .
id1	id2	neutral	None	what i plan on eating tomorrow at the @USER ... deep fried kool-aid , deep fried derby pie , deep fried girl scout thin mints , etc ...
id1	id2	negative	None	iqaluit just wouldnt be iqaluit without the drunks screaming at each other on a saturday morning ... depressing buggers .
id1	id2	neutral	None	san miguel escapes with a 68-64 win over the singapore slingers . beermen now has a 15-4 record to remain in 1st #abl
id1	id2	neutral	None	wppi and vegas bound , but have to be up tomorrow at 5:30 am , s . o . l ... maybe catch some zzs on the plane .
id1	id2	negative	None	hows channel 4 celebrating its 30th anniversary ? is it pretending the first 20 years when it was any fucking good never happened ?
id1	id2	positive	None	wise words of kristin chenoweth : knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing youll ever learn
id1	id2	neutral	None	at&t offers free cloud storage for ios and android at&t on thursday announced a new service it calls at&t locker th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for the match tomorrow , bring on the barnet and bring on edgar davids !
id1	id2	neutral	None	and the new tomb raider has been given a release date , roll on march 5th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the end of the third the new mexico stars lead the wichita wild 39-34 . any guesses how the 4th quarter will shake out ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	why sit at home monday night when you can come to young life ?! tomorrow @USER #westsalemyounglife
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i went trick or treating every year of high school except senior year only cuz negros was faking . im going tomorrow too .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER frankie : i think im gonna have a date with my bed tomorrow me : same . thats my boy
id1	id2	neutral	None	to stand a chance of winning tickets to this vip private red carpet screening , visit the centre court on friday or ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hello everyone . tuesday night like always beef kabob special it is delicious , acoustic open mic with brian ruskin ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER so im just recalling that i met john belushi early sunday morning #haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	time for #musicmonday .. todays choice is pj harvey - in the dark places , for the album let england shake URL enjoy monday !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER were not sure if pottstown is having halloween . borough hall phone is out of order . nearby limerick , pa having it fri .
id1	id2	neutral	None	once upon a time rwanda said neveragain . world bank now says its 2nd most imprvd nation 2 do business in everagain URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going to volleyball game tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	okay so today is tatum tuesday ! retweet if you like channing tatum !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ah right , ill have to go for plan b then ha . i suppose with the final deadline being december its not too much of a problem
id1	id2	neutral	None	creighton vb wins , 15-8 in the 5th set . jays now 9-1 ( 1-0 in mvc ) and have huge match vs . wichita state at 6 pm tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to seeing all our potential 4:19 participants next saturday for our free taster at the joseph wright center .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER glad twilight night was a success . ill make it to the next one ! sorry to be the lame-o !
id1	id2	neutral	None	does anyone want to come with me to see ted nugent speak at freedom hall tomorrow . its free
id1	id2	neutral	None	front line with kamran shahid latest - 25 june 2012 : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	listening to poetic justice for the 1st time #dontjudgeme
id1	id2	positive	None	as good as the fights were tonight im glad this one is over . one day closer to seeing anderson silva clown a massive asian man #spidersense
id1	id2	negative	None	bought tix for sats nets game b4 prices jumpd and @USER allowd seller to reneg w/o proof the tix arent available #poorcustomerservice
id1	id2	negative	None	reading the sun and watching jeremy kyle . where did it all go wrong ? better do some work . #ashamed
id1	id2	negative	None	not sure what im going to be for halloween yet . sun shine is just too obvious , larry bird is the front runner as of right now .
id1	id2	neutral	None	1 november 1968 . george harrison released the soundtrack wonderwall . he was the first beatle to release a solo album .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER since youre in asia , good morning ! xo cant wait for november 11 . :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	how cool . movies under the stars at adelaide oval ... if i was in sa tomorrow night i would be all over this : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	forza milan ! ! ! rt @USER off , i will have a nice dream tonight #glorymu
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ferry corsten at digital tomorrow . lets go and rave it up . #punk #yardofcocktail #liquid
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER watch out for jeff carter he may try to mount !
id1	id2	positive	None	vta scores td on 3rd drive ledesma pass to winans ztra point good 1 0-0 with 8 min left in 2nd qtr
id1	id2	neutral	None	winter storm watch for pocahontas county . sunday night through tuesday evening . 8-10 inches of snow possible with more in the highest elev .
id1	id2	positive	None	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app (+video ): apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im singing what makes you beautiful for a school performance tomorrow ! wish me luck ? any advice ? follow ? lol love you , niall
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER do it ! with all the shade , its the perfect summer outing . plus the penguins , lions , bears , wolves ... were all very active today .
id1	id2	negative	None	emmanuel adebayor has held heart-2-heart talks with tottenham manager andre villas-boas over his unhappiness at a lack of 1s t-t eam football .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER at least there is hope coming around february . im looking at a team where jr smith is the x-factor .
id1	id2	neutral	None	vanilla bean ice cream sandwich with chocolate ganache - chandler may URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hello ! re very great hope that soon may come to argentina . xx really admire you . if you can follow me ! -
id1	id2	neutral	None	new mixtape monday !!! hosted by @USER and trina !!! i keeps it moving !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	it doesnt look good for the rest of the day . rain coming down from scotland . if youre going out today , wrap up URL
id1	id2	negative	None	its a sunday , i think in the spirit of douglas adams and feeling like shit i will have a second bath
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i had okc im playin online ... the nigga had da knicks .. i was bustin dey ass then the 4th come , raymond felton and jr smith
id1	id2	neutral	None	amanda knox case : the obsession with what happened that night in italy URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER weve got the sponsor form and box on our desks . i think becky is going to send an email tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hell get it when raw is live in mexico city in oct . hes apparently been havin tantrums that wwe keep snubbing him . moron .
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday is the last day of summer streets in nyc .. enjoy car-free streets between brooklyn bridge and central park ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER morning gorgeous u were rite i thought it was b/slisten to this nicki minaj did hhave domestics URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im on that zan with that lean and nun but irene today at band camp jus to laugh at these poo ass freshman snare drummers
id1	id2	positive	None	saadra : the droid bionic may be the most hyped phone in the history of gadgetdom . the latest round of spyshots c ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i love asia , shes the first friend i made down here in 7th grade .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hard to believe , huh ? rt @USER watched my 1st episode of mad men ( the pilot ) on an ipad . second episode up next .
id1	id2	negative	None	team rita , oh you fancy huh ? 2nd place , trophies , eatin at the blackwell 2nd place , trophies , eatin at the blackwell . oh you fancy huh ?
id1	id2	positive	None	down at chesters tonight playing some bass with the august james band . cant wait to see what songs we know how to play !
id1	id2	positive	None	monday feels a little easier after safc res fantastic win ... and the mackems couldnt even beat us with 10 in own backyard #alwaysinourshadow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER have fun tonight aladdin beanie baby brun !
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning !! the sun is brightly shining in east york , its going to be a great day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	my sister got to actually see fergie , pitbull , marc anthony , will smith , hank williams jr. and dan marino at the dolphins game tonight . -_-
id1	id2	neutral	None	mohamed nasheeds press brief about coni report - 31 aug 2012 URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	bucs dirty up sanchez . what do g-men do with 5th spot ? nfl player agent ryan tollner set to join at 8pm ... on @USER till 10pm
id1	id2	positive	None	todays #ff number 1 goes to @USER because hes soo good at computers that steve jobs is worried about job security .
id1	id2	positive	None	dream high 2 premieres on feb 20th with eng sub thru kbs world ! ok noted
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER holy shit  lol maybe if i make my mom pay for some for my birthday hahaha
id1	id2	neutral	None	ncs round 1 : mv soccer @USER jags down 2-1 ; few minutes left in the 1st half .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER not checked with lou but 22nd def out can do 21st though . shall i text baylis ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	last sunday night for the haunted castle and black forest is tonight ! come on out !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aw lucky , i was sat on my aunts couch somewhere in germany at the time watching the livestream and bawling my eyes out omg
id1	id2	positive	None	attn : hicksville tiger schulmanns finally has its power back ! classes will resume as normal tomorrow . we ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#boom !!! come party with the mb family next saturday night at sydneys infamous red room ! nrl & super rugby URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER gagner has been in trade rumours since the beginning of the year . cant claim 1st on this one bud .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck agaist tampa bay tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER and @USER all on the jonathan ross show tonight = terrif sat night in ! well done @USER #toofunny
id1	id2	positive	None	pakistan approves liberalised visa accord with india - islamabad , nov 1 ( ians ) pakistan has approved a liberalised v ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason ... and their starters played the 4th
id1	id2	positive	None	drew peterson is #untouchable no more ! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at 7/6c : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	perugia , italy ( reuters ) - american student amanda knox walked into a court room in perugia on friday for the fi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sbs k-pop super concert on nov 10th in the united states , with snsd , 2ne1 , t-ara , beast , cnblue , kara , sistar cr tiarafact
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER david taylor ? a few yrs ago , whn he 1st came 2 stl , he went by apostle . my hubs used 2 play for his services .
id1	id2	positive	None	#ronpaul campaign manager doug wead : contrary to media lies , doing just great with delegates even after super tuesday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	good morning bel ami fans ! thought wed start your sunday off with more gorgeous bel ami fan art ! this one ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	actually , id like to omit the vaccines from my top 10 and move kasabian in at 9th , with the enemy dropping to 10th . told you i cant do it .
id1	id2	positive	None	morning people ... lets kick start this monday with this as we have independence day party on saturday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	poland criticize the 18th amendment . the new frame has been opened . none of the topic was on that earlier . #uprlka
id1	id2	neutral	None	just realized its nuit blanche the night before the run for the cure . i feel like im in a stare down . whos gonna win ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i heard that @USER is on jonathan ross sat . im gearing up for the super pout .
id1	id2	positive	None	#nowwatching the kandi factory , and im liking it so far .
id1	id2	neutral	None	big brother last night on channel 5 peaked at 2 million and beat bbc two , itv1 and c4 in its slot . plus cbb final tomorrow ! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	nadal at the parc des princes this saturday ! : big news ! rafael nadal accepted the invitation of paris saint-germ ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yess please its been way too long , i move in 18th im going to tricounty and gonna transfer to clemson please come visit !!
id1	id2	negative	None	oct . 2 is almost too far away for me to wait for the return of #dexter !
id1	id2	negative	None	another nca football coach needs lessons in pr 101 . #1 dont make matters worse by trying to intimidate the media . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning :) tomorrows my birthday ahhh im so excited ^_^ tonight will be amazing #beerandtacos wattup jets !
id1	id2	positive	None	i have a good feeling about saturday the money will be coming my way ! @USER @USER jacob
id1	id2	negative	None	this bitch @USER just put frog back on lmfao throw back thursday
id1	id2	neutral	None	tts will participate in the love in asia tomorrow ( 2/11 ) at 2:30 pm(kst ) . kbs will broadcast the program on 3/11 at 7:30 pm(kst ) on kbs world
id1	id2	neutral	None	see how mick foley wins his first wwe championship and turned the tide against wcw in the monday night wars !... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER why . do you really want the falcons to go to chicago in jan for the nfc championship game . go lions .
id1	id2	positive	None	saeed : #nowplaying : bep , ricky martin and kt tunstall ! great songs to get you through your sunday ! hate the rain !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch live queen of the south vs edinburgh cit URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	feels like vegas in la @USER @USER auditions in 4 saturday !! movie called raymond legends u will be shooting the trailer
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER welcome to my usual dreams ! :s used to it by now . other night was merlin & arthur & a dragon that was actually from harry potter .
id1	id2	negative	None	mom just asked if i wanted to see the knicks vs celtics in october ... i hate both teams but its a live game hmm
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER playing a show in eugene tomorrow w/ bill more @USER black forest . if youre still around pop on by !
id1	id2	negative	None	red cross halts most pakistan aid after beheading : the international committee of the red cross said on tuesday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	gut decision . sharon van etten > cat power . elicited emotion in me like the 1st moment i heard trespassers william , or casimir pulaski day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if hes in the house , does pmsh usually answer elizabeth may if she gets a q ?
id1	id2	negative	None	tuesday will be my last day in florida :-(
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER indeed you may , or you can have the little warbler who flew all the way from siberia only to hit the lighthouse on bardsey ...
id1	id2	negative	None	this is the 1st halloween my kids didnt go trick or treating ... kinda sad they are too old for it now cuz i ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just read an article ... e l james is writing a 4th book in the 50 shades series
id1	id2	neutral	None	if aliens observed earth to learn about us , i wish theyd watch the olympics . rather than mardis gras or the 4th of july ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER our new , delicious dishes may be alright : URL ( check with your doc first ! ) #ramenwins
id1	id2	neutral	None	why is happy valentines day trending ? its on the 14th of february not 12th of june smh ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER so when we are goin to see u in twilight ... i now its nov ... but the date ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER cmon leo wheres endymion ... or amsterdam i know he likes amsterdam . those songs are shit compared to the ones i put
id1	id2	positive	None	taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june 29th ? most perf news ive heard all night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	steelers will travel to new york on sunday for giants game : the pittsburgh steelers face the new york giants on ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	first time listing to red : does this diva think shes avril lavigne ? 2nd - 54th time : cant . stop . listening .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the business leaders award ceremony will be held during the @USER annual meeting in davos on the 25 january 2013 ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	my #mufc xi for super sunday : de gea , rafa , rio , evans , evra , clevz , nani , young , roo , chicha , rvp . what about you ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	its about that time ! filthy rich presents ... saturday aug 18 . email me for more info or check out our fac URL
id1	id2	positive	None	and , surprise surprise , majority of the people , sat in the window seats , have gotten off at murdoch . wankers
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will pop down after work then , am only in murray on saturday ! why it changed ? ps , fancy amsterdam ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ehm . well . uther was dying . merlin pulled the last spark of life from him and pesky morgana emerged 1st ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	los poboycitos debut 2 songs from the forthcoming cd tomorrow on wwoz 90.7 fm new orleans at noon cst .
id1	id2	positive	None	brief-clearwire says has enough funding to last it until end q3 2013 : oct 25 ( reuters ) - clearwire corp : * say ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i posted 12 photos on facebook in the album super sunday wid shobhit bhatia ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#guelph nuit blanche tonight : 1:30 am . bookshelf cinema parking lot - cfrus silent dance party . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	february 13th , the day before and best buddy to valentines day , desperation day
id1	id2	positive	None	rella wake up to shank one day thn pczeey the nxt day so who dat 3rd baby pappy lol #shedontknow
id1	id2	positive	None	fab review of the wonderful kneehighs production of steptoe & son in todays echo . runs until sat . dont miss ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ryan grant or felix jones in the 5th round !!! hurry !!! i already have tony romo and dez so idk about fjtheres also steve j
id1	id2	positive	None	it makes me feel so gay that i just set the classical brit awards to record tomorrow haha oh dear
id1	id2	negative	None	stuck at the office tomorrow saffers ? missing abs v tonga ? try @USER on streaming alternative rugby commentary - arc
id1	id2	negative	None	i cant believe the 3 important people in my life are going to hawaii friday without me
id1	id2	positive	None	han mon dieu le remix de i am the best dans dream high 2 , je meurs xddd
id1	id2	neutral	None	now behold the lamb , the precious lamb of god , born in2 sin that i may live again , the precious lamb of god
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow morning my bike community , kgb , will exercise #roadbiking on sudirman road but im not going because i have to go to church
id1	id2	positive	None	my sunday nights havent been the same since @USER has been gone from breakout kings . i wonder what hes doing next ? cant wait 2 c !
id1	id2	positive	None	i rented sherlock 2 and ghost rider 2 this last friday ! they were both good ! i rented journey 2 last night ! it had a really cute guy in it !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	who wants to see maya rudolph sing prince with my thursday night
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER would the bar be showing pittsburgh steelers v new york giants on sunday night ?
id1	id2	negative	None	i cant forgive farrackhan for the malcolm x thing . and ninjas aint done sht since the million ninjas march ... name one thing . where the$
id1	id2	neutral	None	pramod venkatesh mahajan 30 october 1949 was an indian politician . he was one of the second generation leaders of the bharatiya janata party
id1	id2	positive	None	the tri-cities fever beat the wichita wild friday night to win the intense conference championship for the second ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im getting horny hey that reminds me is it the 19th yet ? new two and a half men and/or roast of charlie sheen
id1	id2	neutral	None	mark the dates : miss earth 2012 coronation night nov 24 , sat , live on starworld , 8pm . free-tv broadcast on sun , nov 25 , 10am on abs-cbn .
id1	id2	negative	None	dont get derby tonight :( possibly get my man though so that makes it not so bad =]
id1	id2	positive	None	good day eventing today with a win on endymion entrechat an a 5th with viscount oscar ! very early start tomorrow for event #2 in hampshire
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you happiest baby on the block . i may sleep a couple hours tonight due to your teaching !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight !!! ( wed) -- mike slo-mo brenner solo opening for jim white at tin angel . 8pm . cmon out !!... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg ! orphan is going to be watched in tv5 tomorrow after the amazayn race philippines .. get ready monday , imma coming ^___^
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will tenaction broadcast spanish super cup real madrid vs barcelon on the 14th and 17th of august ?
id1	id2	positive	None	gutted about bellamy and smith but we signed fulham player on loan until december 2nd and seen him on youtube he looks good
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER are you going to petrolias game tomorrow ? i still havent got to see you or the baby !
id1	id2	positive	None	love him or hate him but so excited about getting to meet ted nugent tomorrow night :)
id1	id2	positive	None	just about that time !! nba season jumps off tomorrow !! my preseason mvcs ( most valuable cats ) @USER and @USER #bbn
id1	id2	negative	None	amanda thinks that because shes not going to the oscars is a valid excuse for her not washing her hair since thursday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	view from the valley : seymour schools to open friday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	50 bucks to see dethklok , machine head , all that remains , and the black dahlia murder . i may just have to go see this show with or witho ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER such a cool thing youre doing ! ubuntu bridge . i vaguely recall them expanding to zulu .. may be able to give . you a contact o/wise .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes , yes , but what you see in the finder is file directory data that points to your actual files . the file may still exist .
id1	id2	negative	None	saturday kitchen is on and its sunday . mind = fucked .
id1	id2	positive	None	mark martin winning the the no bull million during the coca-cola 600 were the 2nd most compelling set of laps ive yet seen . #nascar #nscs
id1	id2	negative	None	i lost respect for #annahazare the minute he sat at duratma gandhis graveyard yesterday . india does not need another gandhi . vandemataram
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER how excited i was because dec 9th i was going to see asking alexndria , ss and mmf but i came home and found out what
id1	id2	neutral	None	club bodi may be out the question tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER did you greet josh bradley last sunday , his bday ? i hope . i love your loveteam !
id1	id2	negative	None	last day of bca tomorrow . -lori of off say yes to dress has breast cancer . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	egypt& #039 ;s new president mohamed morsi on monday described the relationship between the u.s. and egypt as some ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER goon is always a good idea ! it will probably taste better than the $10 bottle of vodka i have for tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	coverage of high quality stakes races from the curragh posted to my blog soon . good value bets on offer across the uk & ireland for sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	what if cena wins the undisputed wwe championship match at summerslam this sun ? a riot is very likely to take place !!
id1	id2	negative	None	cofield should have hopped off the dm sticks after his 3rd year . niggas was tired of him lol
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning becky ! thursday is going to be fantastic ! @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	jim luxford of east york with calendar #1381619 , our 1st $ 5,000 daily winner for september 11 ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	desperately needing girl talk ! cart wait for true blood tomorrow with @USER & @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	cool couch ... sep kamvar , reid hoffman , cesar hidalgo and john maeda with john hockenberry #medialabio @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	im talkn all black party on the 14th then vip all nite saturday at sky ... family n friends will be in da building ... we gon shut sky down
id1	id2	positive	None	carlos cuellar , louis saha , adam johnson and steven fletcher ? they may have had the best summer besides chelsea .
id1	id2	neutral	None	us : sen john mccain called monday for us to begin another war with airstrikes on syria - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	negative	None	maybe she wont ... but shit then again maybe she will ... - she will ft drake coming out today ! single off carter iv !
id1	id2	negative	None	holy drunk ! wine , johnny walker and beer are not a great combo esp on a thursday night to many emotions too much sadness , calling it a night
id1	id2	negative	None	ash wednesday is always hard for me , any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nas takes over the london o2 arena on 19/03/2013 ! pre-sale tickets available here - URL pre-sale ends tomorrow !
id1	id2	negative	None	dont want to depress rl folk but daily mail reporting 82k sellout for eng v fiji at twickers on sat week . broader vision or deeper pockets ?
id1	id2	positive	None	premier league team of the week : van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny , evans & ashley young star URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER party in the house tonight everybody gonna have a good time ... happy independence day #jamaica
id1	id2	positive	None	if someone takes me to carrie underwood next thursday , i will love you forever . #nokidding #blownaway
id1	id2	neutral	None	i need a shower and to start getting ready but im just sat in bed blogging and watching celebrity juice
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i gave verlander a slight edge over cc , but after today against boston , he is no cy young material .
id1	id2	positive	None	blessed is the heart that bends , it will never be broken --- lucas scott good pre-bedtime oth after a busy day ! cant wait for tomorrow #zzz
id1	id2	positive	None	yes . im ready for hs , college & pro . bring it ! @USER make monday better ! we can now come home to mnf ! you ready for some football ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh there is no school today because yesterday is my country independence day so its a day off today . haha hby ?
id1	id2	positive	None	im just looking forward to the knicks verse nets game on thursday ! carmelo anthony verse deron williams my two favorite players !
id1	id2	neutral	None	jan with the new cat at royal , star and garter #solihull pic.twitter.com/mlmndyvm
id1	id2	neutral	None	so tomorrow morning , wherever you are , think of us here in wisconsin as we fight once again to restore democracy to the badger state .
id1	id2	neutral	None	busted @USER caught out celebrating the 1sta cup win with andy carroll and joe hart #beer #jager pic.twitter.com/ifv3wd9i
id1	id2	negative	None	dr jan radio 2ue tonight with david oldfield re kevin rudds sad loss of family cat . pets deserve honouring cos they love unconditionally .
id1	id2	neutral	None	today in santa fe was the first time ii had seen someone use an ipad as a camera .. it looked a little weird .
id1	id2	neutral	None	guarantee gaga debuts her new single at the grammys in february . not opposed even though its agesss away .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching kentucky all access makes me want it to be monday
id1	id2	neutral	None	ill be in berlin with @USER and @USER for social media week . meet us there tomorrow @USER event : URL #smwb
id1	id2	positive	None	channing tatum may not be that good of an actor but he sure as hell can dance #ayyye
id1	id2	positive	None	were thrilled that grandpas workshop is a main feature in the education category of the app store for a 2nd week ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	brandenberg for three . 91-32 . the 5 guys that practice with the wbb team may get in this game at this rate #letsgovcu
id1	id2	negative	None	ima go see lamb of god tomorrow in hollyweed . come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER im hopin yall are gonna be around thursday to welcome me with open arms on my permanent move back to clemson ..
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday night lounging ! jett lounge is the destination ! big leo celebration ! everybody free all night ! pool t URL
id1	id2	positive	None	you may not recognize his name ( yet ) , but you will definitely know his music . check out the amazing bill carter ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	2ne1 rocks okinawa with stylish airport fashion : on 2012 october 28th , URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER congrats to lloyd robertson on the gordon sinclair award tonight at the geminis . last broadcast on ctv natl news is thursday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wai t--t heres going to be an august : osage county movie with meryl streep ? holy crap ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	search on for absconding rapist footballers : police : kolkata , nov 1 ( ians ) police are still on the ... URL @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	just deleted 100 pictures from my phone , realized i look hideous in most , diet starts tomorrow . #goodnight
id1	id2	positive	None	i just saw the breaking dawn part 2 trailer and me and courtney are definitely going to see that shit november 16 . 100%
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have a member who needs a ride to the doctor in indianapolis early monday morning . could you be the answer to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so in marching band were supposed to have music memorized for saturday ... ive had it down since band camp #whoops #overachiever #dontmindme
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER was cult viewing from my 6th form days with vics big night out . channel 4 had all comedy/sport bases covered !
id1	id2	neutral	None	some had been saying hed peaked , even back in paris-nice in march when the leaves hadnt come out on the trees . hes serving hat sauce now .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER comes out on dvd on the 20th . im pumped . melissa mccarthy is so perfect in that movie
id1	id2	negative	None	my body is exhausted . i walked from 79th and jeffery to the lakefront , where i accidentally sat on dead fish , to 55th and king dr. and back .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the pretty reckless , my chemical romance , a day to remember , 30 seconds to mars , hey monday , evanescence , mcfly etc ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i smell a 2nd pro bowl for my boy ! best safety in the league ! shout out for that solid legal hit ! #thehawk4probowl
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am going home tonight and sleeping until about 5:30 pm tomorrow , just in time to get to durham for the duke game .
id1	id2	negative	None	sreven taylor will look pretty daft after the mackems win tomorrow , i really think they will beat you . parmo
id1	id2	neutral	None	aaron brooks and marcus thornton combine to go 8-25 and we lose to the bulls by 6 . everybody have a good thursday .
id1	id2	negative	None	cmon yall . taylor won that award more than once already . the fact that blake got it this time shouldnt really piss any of you off .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wonder if the spurs shop got looted last night ? #doubtit
id1	id2	positive	None	photo : good monday morning and happy world book day ! :3 ( taken with instagram ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	you can totally hear a guy from the 2nd floor singing from the top of his lungs to what makes you beautiful . lol .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im 13 my 1st concert was yesterday at the eagles field . i wish i was able to hug you when you were walking back <3 lexie
id1	id2	neutral	None	my july 18 buy recommendation for hf with a tp of kes20 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	everyone talks about eli manning being the best in the 4th qtr . jay cutler has the best qbr rating in 4th qtr in the nfl #getsome #dabears
id1	id2	negative	None	today , we found out that rob henry tore his acl , steve jobs is stepping down , the colts signed kerry collins , and the carter 4 leaked .
id1	id2	negative	None	noel gallagher : musicians are fucking idiots . - yeah , brian may - hes an idiot ... an idiot who just so happens to be a professor ?
id1	id2	positive	None	ive just been invited to speak at the world economic forum in davos @USER this january . thrilled and honored . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i need food , a pain pill , a glass of wine , a comfortable bed , and zero noise . in that order .. and this day repeats tomorrow and sat .
id1	id2	neutral	None	am going on womans hour tomorrow . whats more so is pj harvey .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol actually i live in georgia moving to germany in march i miss you tooo
id1	id2	neutral	None	day off yesterday wheww may time din at napanood ang unofficially yours at segunda mano .
id1	id2	positive	None	rory mcilroy on top of the world after beating a resurgent tiger woods at the honda classic in flori URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im so mad at catholics im going to a baptist church tomorrow and converting #boilingmad
id1	id2	positive	None	soccer saturday with our son . theyre playing the hardest team in the league . then the all-star game . #proudparents
id1	id2	neutral	None	on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre , the crowd chanted for an encore . so , naturally , URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the pro bowl definitely isnt better and nba all-star game is trash until 4th qtr
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you may want to contact sony at URL or we can post a question on ms community for you . let us know ! ^ny
id1	id2	neutral	None	#teamfollowback beirut ( reuters ) - the international committee of the red cross said on thursday it ... URL #ff @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	mass with the bishop of the diocese of raleigh tomorrow . i feel like i need it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#sgs fury on brink of beating haye to vitali : tyson fury is set to face denis boytsov on december 1 , with the wi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ill make you the cds while at work so you may add it to your collection if you like ! lol :) girl poetic justice n gold alpinas !
id1	id2	negative	None	thats really sad , charlie rt until tonight i never realised how fucked up i was - charlie sheen #sheenroast
id1	id2	negative	None	if the #iphone5 doesnt come out on september 7th , im suing steve jobs ... i cant put up with the motorola razr much longer ..
id1	id2	positive	None	going to see @USER and @USER along with all the other @USER superstars december 3rd in greensboro nc :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey ! lauren ( clarinet ! ) would like you all to know about this event hosted by bric ! hey everyone , so on sunday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	3 yard td run get calhoun even with east at 7-7 . 5:53 , 1st q ,
id1	id2	positive	None	its the clash of the century - were taking on @USER and @USER at bowling tonight . may the best show win . ( us ) #fightingtalk
id1	id2	negative	None	apple cant innovate or manage supply chain : cupertino , ca - october 04 : apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new i ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER sanchez will be out tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im bout to just listen to nicki minaj all night
id1	id2	neutral	None	tottenham boss andre villas-boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell emmanuel adebayor in the january
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive read two very different article about christianity and horror films today . URL URL #halloween #weird
id1	id2	neutral	None	avril is still working on her 5th album . shes in the studio with URL from the black eyed peas .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#hcafc loan keeper ben amos named in the england under-21s side to face azerbaijan next thursday and norway on sept 10 .
id1	id2	positive	None	my mom just told me shes getting an ipad 2 on friday ... i better get a mac for christmas .
id1	id2	negative	None	today , april 17th ( palestinian prisoners day ) , is ironically the day israel claimed it would release khader adnan . no action yet .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER is coming up this weekend !! were super excited ! playing the blue stage on sat night right before a$ap rocky !
id1	id2	neutral	None	according to state farm , missouri ranks 15th nationally among the states where motorist are most likely to hit a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is day 1 of the festival of india to bali ( from 1- 4 november) ! get your tickets from arma ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	could this convince you to buy ? rt @USER verizon may offer early upgrades for droid bionic and iphone 5 buyers URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	he is obsessed with star wars right now , as a treat i am letting him watch family guy tonight #heavenforgiveme
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hello aaron , will you be with israel tomorrow night ?
id1	id2	positive	None	pope john paul ii would kiss the ground on arrival in a new country because there was a good chance that a small boy had sat there once .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sat down to watch michael jackson this is it on dvd xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to romeo santos at estadio olimpico in santo domingo , dominican republic - dec 15 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER uh-oh - you must have loathed my apartment - why didnt madonna have her outburst in july ???
id1	id2	positive	None	i love the drive to starkville cant wait till i make it into the college in january #achiversparadise #onthereal
id1	id2	neutral	None	anonymous asked : may i know the format of unboxing video ? and is it for album only ? can i do it for ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	clocking that marshal in the head with his opening tee shot clearly rattled harris english . took him 2 holes to drop from 4th to t26 .
id1	id2	positive	None	adhitia sofyan on java jazz , march 3rd , cant wait ! give me a day off , please ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	if youre on the isle of man next thurs , ill be talking about safe house and signing books at waterstones from 6.30 pm . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	-saturday night be at the barack shrine in monroe ! #teamlcf gone be in full affect ! #gsu #jsu #ull #ulm #latech #letzgetit @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblues yonghwa and beasts gikwang for sbs kpop super concert on november 10 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	very soon police marching towards the crowd #ramdev supporters start march towards ramlila maidan #likeaboss
id1	id2	neutral	None	#redsox extra bases : varitek named assistant to the gm : the red sox on thursday named jason varitek as a special ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	philly !!! @USER will be rocking a free show @USER liacouras center @USER this friday ! come through and watch how we get down !!
id1	id2	positive	None	watching last nights #redeye - the @USER hipster may just be the greatest character since stevie on eastbound & down !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i have a couple , of jets games , but theyre from the end of the season . wish id kept more of dec . also , i have the sam gagner game .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey mindless behavior i was at ur concert on saturday at the dar constitution hall . great p
id1	id2	positive	None	i still have a lot of candy left anyone want tomorrow :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow night ill be at the goldfish bar for the deus ex launch , anyone wanna come for free ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh , are we gonna have any august & emma scene on tallahassee ? just a yes or no and ill be happy ( happier if its a yes) !
id1	id2	neutral	None	next friday at airline skate center , micheal jackson tribute night . friday night 7-11 , ill be on the 1s & 2s .
id1	id2	positive	None	#nowplaying elvis presley . love me tender - just as good as @USER version at solus , cardiff in november 08
id1	id2	negative	None	if barack obama cared 4 the people of nj he would lift union ban like george bush did 3days after katrina . #sandy #october failed leadership
id1	id2	negative	None	3rd mariah song of the night and nooo . that was so bad . #xfactor
id1	id2	positive	None	waww ,, i wanna have it rt @USER @USER wow , ipad got just today free lol URL
id1	id2	positive	None	went to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight . it was pretty dope ; i give it 5 bananas .
id1	id2	neutral	None	except ure charlie sheen ... rt @USER is it true that you tell people top of the morning only when you had sex the previous night ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	discover the business value of your library card wednesday , september 19th 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm harold washington ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	lmao rt @USER curtis painter looks like the kind of guy who would try to buy beer on sunday . #scumbag
id1	id2	negative	None	with krul injured for newcastle does that mean that rob elliot will start in goal ? has he been on bench this season or 3rd choice . #cafc
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning all . the sun is out today in tayside . hope you all have a great day today
id1	id2	positive	None	the rodeo is thursday friday & saturday and im moving houses through out thursday friday and saturday . #myluck
id1	id2	negative	None	he may be a cheap shot scumbag , bit i fuck with todd bertuzzi
id1	id2	neutral	None	that concluded the #ncdebate . see thursdays nca for complete coverage .
id1	id2	positive	None	#happybirthdaykendallschmidt hopefully tomorrow we can also get #btronpcas trending ! for big time rush ! btr deserves it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i know flatbush zombies wont be at the concert on friday but i still hope the asap mob performs #bathsalts at least , or rockys part atleast
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh hey ! i have another reason for you ! its national chocolate day on sunday ! :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiffany , cnblues yonghwa and b2sts kikwang will mc for the sbs k-pop super concert in america on nov 10
id1	id2	neutral	None	hd clip of @USER knocking southbound pachyderm out with valor at @USER tuesday night . cc @USER - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the tigers know its a big game as well : resting martinez & alburquerque monday and bumping verlander .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER damn next saturday tho niggas was trynna get shit over with #early
id1	id2	neutral	None	linkedin events : a celebration for the performing arts in television film theatre & fashion november 24th 2012 room 43 1039 e 43rd st.
id1	id2	negative	None	world war 3 has been going on in my house since monday . how long do these things usually last ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER make sure you have the songs 64 , 50 , rella , oldie & tron cat for tomorrow baby ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER will never but the sun jo , never ! even - for a guaranteed date with dave grohl !!! even then !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	ghost rider 2 is some bullshit smh it will be back in the red box tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	crimson confidential >> qb/rb threat blake sims may be just offensive weapon bama needs URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on !!! i better go to bed
id1	id2	neutral	None	ima fall asleep to some family guy tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see flight with denzel washington on tomorrow ! bam ! ;-)
id1	id2	positive	None	good football practice today . one day away from the saints game , and 1 week away from the anderson silva fight in rio !!! cant wait !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	why oh why does torontos nuit blanche have to be the same night as a wedding i have to attend ?!? #snbto
id1	id2	neutral	None	10 things to know for friday : the u.s. postal service , on the brink of default on a second multibillion-dollar p ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER cannot afford to go like @USER in the 4th . carter iv has to be great , anything less its a failure
id1	id2	neutral	None	how about the @USER gettin some recognition 10/10/2011 the lions play on monday night football
id1	id2	neutral	None	my niece has a project due on the washington monument next friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	blimey ! we have a star guest on the radio horton knowing your businesses show tomorrow at 10am . marleeene ! pic.twitter.com/gakhupix
id1	id2	neutral	None	rare duplex for sale in cupertino with monta vista high ! gorgeous granite slab kitchen ! rent 1 & live in 1 ! open sat . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning my friends , wish you very nice friday with love , peace , art and mutual respect - :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	fca tomorrow 7:20 am in the team room , be there .
id1	id2	positive	None	yay bruno mars is coming out with a new album on december 11th . ( ; i must have it !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	brook lopez scored 9 points in the 2nd quarter and was featured by #nets . joe johnson was absent , but should play in 2nd half . #nets #nba
id1	id2	positive	None	man uniteds equaliser today was superb . hopefully well be seeing many arsenal moves like that ( with a shot at the end ! ) this season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wanna go to chapel hill tomorrow night but its going to be so cold . ill just go to work instead !
id1	id2	neutral	None	not my preferred seat but it was a very , very impromptu trip !! #wicked URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the brits are punishing us for american releases always being late across the pond . #skyfall to come out on november 9th . #damnyou
id1	id2	negative	None	i havent been able to look at todd bertuzzi the same way since the steve moore incident
id1	id2	neutral	None	premium version of the ipad 2 may be in the works URL
id1	id2	negative	None	hey mr ego october ... gary carter & kirby puckett are hofers as are you ... the difference is ... they were class acts ... which you arent !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	kathy walsh has kentucky derby winning jockey mario gutierrez in the irons on thursday october 11th when duke ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i love you maria : * you have to text me tomorrow i have to tell you something , you might pee your pants , just a warning xoxox
id1	id2	neutral	None	little mix are going to be on kyle and jackie o tomorrow morning :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER monday night football vs the jets 1st game of the year lets see what we are made of . road to indy feb 2012 starts 2nite
id1	id2	neutral	None	bayern lost 1-2 to bayer leverkusen sunday . they remain at the top of the table and are allowed to slip up one ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	pineapples & mangos for pre-breakfast , getting some work done , then heading to the ritz carlton for sunday brunch :) .
id1	id2	negative	None	im not even gonna bother watching eurosong tonight . saw enough of it on tuesday .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER fuck w/ the pack at jett lounge on friday if u off ... u know i got ya
id1	id2	neutral	None	because sunday just screams pancake day
id1	id2	neutral	None	comedy central on point tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rumor : #blackhawks may have traded niklas hjalmarsson to the #oilers for sam gagner . stay tuned .
id1	id2	positive	None	lucky shops are coming to nyc ! : the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson , starts november 1 ...
id1	id2	positive	None	. @USER may just be the ultimate face melting summer rock band . cant wait to see them again at soundwave
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is addicted to act . she just took one on saturday . and she just signed up for a third test .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the nuggets kick off their season tonight and were hosting nuggets fans this saturday to watch the miami heat ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ahhh ! loving this new ic champion ! wish i could see it happen this friday . ): crossing my fingers that he has a match at summerslam !
id1	id2	neutral	None	its november already .. christmas will be here soon , then new year , then valentines day then graduation ?!?!
id1	id2	negative	None	if i was 21 id be in a room with noel gallagher , shaun ryder , bez etc but instead im in preston sat in kfc . brilliant .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tempted to get a droid bionic today but rumors of the nexus/droid prime in november are keeping me from getting one .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER vanessas gonna be at the soccer field tomorrow , not the gym -- she forced me to tell you :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st is how reduce clout of reliance in the govts pricing of lpg and other fuels .
id1	id2	positive	None	tjo today i heard that eskoms rebate is untill march for the solar . its nice to be connected
id1	id2	positive	None	im in the bathroom bumping niggas in paris crunk ass hell like its my 1st time hearing it this song will never get old lol
id1	id2	negative	None	i know im only on the 4th season of oth , but i dont understand why everyone loves lucas scott . he pisses me off .
id1	id2	neutral	None	well-said ! r @USER @USER dook football , even the sun shines on a dogs a$$ some days . #unc
id1	id2	neutral	None	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the metlife blimp was flying over starkville , ms today . probably getting ready for the msu game saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	bloodbeast returns to the stage with killatoria and new act predomination . join them this friday at black dahlia ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whew , long day unpacking the turner house . now a movie and knitting with my honey . hows your saturday going ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i love that boy ! jacob just sat in the bck and was laughing
id1	id2	positive	None	re : what did you do to your bike today ? : heat finally broke here in nebraska this am . it was a nice 67 degrees ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nothing like watching the vow on a friday night . cheers to cancelled plans and sickness
id1	id2	neutral	None	- win tickets to the 1-night theater event , happiest baby , on june 21 . enter by june 10 . find a theater near you ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im heading off to hong kong next thursday . spending the remaining time with my folks before i go . will really miss edi
id1	id2	neutral	None	shorty with the wolf pussy off friday after next on martin
id1	id2	negative	None	americas got talent semifinals begin tuesday : we want different singers than american idol and x factor , said ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER lowering the rims may be the one thing that will turn me off to wbb . my attraction to wbb over nba is fundimentals
id1	id2	negative	None	you may think i have mono-cellular zulu imbongis at the rate some of these folks are thrown profanity at me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	me : ma ? ma : yes , love bug . me : wyd ? ma : grilling with shanney and april . me : at 10:30 ? -___- at night . in memphis . while im in knoxville ..
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER amanda knox who lied repeatedly & cleaned with bleach that morning is no innocent petal
id1	id2	neutral	None	our tbox bartender , bill carter ( URL just published his 3rd book-boom bust boom- come meet the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER why fit in when you were born to stand out ? - dr. seuss -- haha . gotta stand out tomorrow . watch ! ;d
id1	id2	positive	None	four -- now three -- tweets away from 9000 . heres where i mention that im pouring wine for a friday night with diablo iii . #meta #classy
id1	id2	negative	None	the 2nd game united lost was away to chelsea . martin atkinson was the ref then and some of his decisions incurred the wrath of saf .
id1	id2	positive	None	my infant son is def keeping wife and up up all night - a little sleepy today . the book happiest baby on the block has been very helpful
id1	id2	negative	None	why is it so hard to find the @USER these days ? went to 3 stores for the castle cover issue . none . will search again tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	san antonio - your october 18th show for the collide with the sky tour has been moved to backstage live ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday , hank williams . in honor if the hank turning 88 , well play 88 hank songs in a row tonite @USER #honkytonk
id1	id2	negative	None	its not that im a gsp fan , i just hate nick diaz . cant wait for february .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL - #elastixworld first sponsors - mexico city november 3rd and 4th , see you all there #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	i guess im going to watch anderson silva whop a nigga ass while drinking grey goose tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	taco| playground x deadline ~ this saturday : meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy for the playgroun ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER have you filmed jonathan ross yet ??? cant wait to see it on sat ! :) xxx
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope i get to meet carmelo anthony tomorrow at the knicks rally #hopeful
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER morning ? isnt it nearly afternoon in ireland ? :d oh , and good morning to you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	almost forgot about vcus open house this saturday !
id1	id2	negative	None	qb printers didnt start . wr avery starts and scores on 1st poss . 27-31 @USER down to the wichita wild
id1	id2	neutral	None	malkin playing thursday : quotepenguins center evgeni malkin is set to play his first game of the season ... URL #hockey
id1	id2	negative	None	im thinkin bout it .. @USER @USER @USER yall tryna fuck with chapel hill tomorrow night ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hayyyuy can you bring my nirvana shirt tomorrow ? <3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER on november 16 be ready to head to the movies . breaking dawn : part 2 . (;
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday ! if i could make those words any bigger or bolder , i would ! lol :) have a great weekend all of our pjd friends !
id1	id2	negative	None	aboud el zomour , the guy who killed sadat , is now attending the october 6 celebrations at cairo stadium . shame !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	premier league team of the week : van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny , ashley young & jonn ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	big day tomorrow ! all sandy is gonna do is give us a half as bj ! eastbound on stage at big fish shtick 2:30 pm . then zombie bar crawl !
id1	id2	positive	None	i will be participating in a google+ hangout with @USER tomorrow ! im super excited ! check it out : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	big fan of the holidays that just involve partying : st. patricks , 4th of july , halloween , presidents day , etc .
id1	id2	neutral	None	march 1st should be officiall national bieber day where we get a day off school .
id1	id2	neutral	None	today match against ach ljubljana , 2nd game in the champions league !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER look she may be there for the moment but rih will always be in his life so she is irrelevant tbh
id1	id2	neutral	None	even when youve bought your 6th investment home with harry styles and sakina calls niall sayang or abang cause they kahwined omf
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER arrogant ! came to 1st debate knowing hes leading in polls so he didnt have to prepare ! then romney shows he can be potus .
id1	id2	neutral	None	it seem like austin rivers is tryin to had to get a bucket . i feel em tho my 1st game in the league i was trying hard too
id1	id2	neutral	None	galaxy tune up for whitecaps ; sounders fall to 3rd : mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the 83rd mi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow i am off to petrolia to see the waltons lol and over to london for evans side of family reunion .
id1	id2	positive	None	#np ni**as in paris - jayz & kanye , cant wait to see the live in june #watchthethrone
id1	id2	positive	None	save the night , save the day . save the love , come what may . love is worth everything we pay . #tebaklagu #duet #barat * clue , ost . nya zorro *
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey got your tix for looper on wed :) its 630 at sylvia park - do you work in town ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i may need merlins help - secretly , of course , but i do not know that i have the power to complete the spell myself .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i went to the marijuana march , but i do not remember what happened there .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mbb : murray state just outside top 25 ( 29th ) in preseason usa today coaches poll : URL #ovc
id1	id2	negative	None	the fact that hunter hayes and carrie underwood are gonna be here saturday and im not going ??? #what #notokay
id1	id2	negative	None	my random rant of the night : lady gaga being considered a fashion icon ! who in their right mind considers that fashion ? she dresses in trash .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the deciding factor for the university of denver , excited to see what its like from a students perspective
id1	id2	positive	None	good eats on deck 2day . volare 4 lunch . maya del sol 4 dinner . i was smart 2 wear black . i may look like im w/ child by the end of the day
id1	id2	neutral	None	interestingly , too big to fail was also the title of the pep talk that was given to melissa mccarthy this morning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER champion of the earth frank warren already looking into the unification possibilities , may put her in with chisora first !
id1	id2	negative	None	the last episode of #friends just showed tonight . its leaving e4 for comedy central :( idk what will now cheer me up when im down
id1	id2	positive	None	1st gonzaga game of the year !!! #gozags
id1	id2	positive	None	edgar davids ( 39 ) made a successful return after a 2-year absence by leading barnet to its 1st league win of the season : 4-0 vs northampton .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER great idea . but im still working on the alternate remixes for the 1st jackie o lp .
id1	id2	neutral	None	via @USER bpl issues to be decided nov 1 : bangladesh cricket board will take a final decision on the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER member monday for prelim v crows from 9am-9pm tomorrow through ticketek . 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction
id1	id2	neutral	None	conrad murray hearing going on today , prosecution trying to block some witnesses .
id1	id2	negative	None	migraine since saturday & a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where its located . any more and ill be rocking a marie colvin eyepatch
id1	id2	neutral	None	crazy i was in a meeting with an old nba player that was picked 3rd before larry bird
id1	id2	positive	None	were excited for thursdays gadget equivalent to the oscars - the stuff awards . see which gizmos made the shortlist ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy halloween !! starting this wicked wednesday off listening to pink floyd and leonard cohen . get to take my boys out tonight ! yay !!
id1	id2	positive	None	national council on patient information & education celebrates its 30th anniversary ! thanks 4 helping many learn about patient & med safety
id1	id2	neutral	None	drogba(as reports suggest he is preferred to start ) , if cannavaro has anything close to the game he had on friday then he takes this .
id1	id2	positive	None	im gonna just don it during school tomorrow . math in tok , history in math and bio , and spanish during lunch . yup that sounds about right .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jenns post below inspired me to find a few more pics of alex at the independent spirit awards this past february ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in his session at the 11th international cloud expo , ronald bradford , founder & ceo of effective mysql , will dis ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i had a teacher who taught us jupiter was bigger than the sun . this was based on the picture in the textbook . it was a drawing . true story
id1	id2	positive	None	ironman uk , bolton highlights on tomorrow : 7.10 am on channel 4 , or watch back on 4od ! hope i can get a sneaky glimpse on it !
id1	id2	negative	None	man , i want to go fuxs with the homies @USER @USER @USER tonite for mnf @USER #horn but i cant :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	plans for the weekend : movies , watch tennessee dominate saturday ( i hope ) and go to church #solid
id1	id2	positive	None	lol ! the sworn affidavit from former saints dc gregg williams that the @USER presented to vilma was signed last friday . ( via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER twilight zone inning ? ground hog day inning . may go on 4ever . . . . just keeping hittin him #rays !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you dont by break time tomorrow that is my second team ! i would already have them if gary carter was in the set ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	harris english hit a dude in the top of the head on his 1st tee shot of the day !! #wow
id1	id2	neutral	None	video : afp - gazas hamas denies involvement in sinai attack : following the election of mohamed morsi in june , r ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ajax caretaker coach jan pruijn jokes he needs to sideline top talent billiat and manyama played best after ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER nicki minaj - pink friday , up 15 places , to #16 on the official uk top 40 :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i dont think cny will be hit too hard , but it may be utilized if there are any power outages #newhousesm4
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day to order your crew necks are tomorrow . order being out in tomorrow at 2 . find evan or cole . 30 bucks . #takeover
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER last night i dreamt it was tomorrows game and you invaded the pitch to throw your scarf at roger johnson . weird .
id1	id2	neutral	None	have seen 4 deer in dexter so far tonight @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	early bird @USER catches the strava fail . @USER bosses lscc club run sat in spartacus flemings , wheel all day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you stay in pico rivera right ? ill be there all saturday and sunday . so if i run into you there im just sayin my cousins
id1	id2	negative	None	mail on sunday : cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what the what ? too out of it to google it now , will check in the morning , but sure , up 4 anything that isnt going back to sd .
id1	id2	positive	None	see you guys tomorrow at sm sta . rosa ! ill be performing for sm cyberzone grand launch event :)
id1	id2	positive	None	2 plains rd- lots of space in this 4 bed , 4 bath home in east york ! come to the open house this sun 2-4 pm ! big space , renod bathrms+ more !
id1	id2	neutral	None	aaron rodgers jersey battery room , under the windmill . wagnoli - 4 august 2011 - blog - designer wedding dresses sale ,
id1	id2	positive	None	i just realized the teen choice awards were tonight at 8 ! =) i hope rob , kristen , and anything twilight related wins !
id1	id2	positive	None	hanging with katie & making fun of okc tropes . this is an awesome thursday night .
id1	id2	negative	None	as some of you may know we have a fish tank & this little guy is named jeff carter . sadly , i think hes dying . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	okay if you go to elon university and do not go to the rip_chords concert saturday ... youre sinning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going to the asap concert tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just found out that justin beiber is going to be in nyc when you are on long island december 7 ! i know emma is a fan ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	watched act of valor for the 3rd time and almost cried again !! i love dat movie !!
id1	id2	positive	None	dinos invitational dual meet tomorrow in calgary , then rocky mountain cup to follow . rip it up bears and pandas #bustamove
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ill be in brownsville by wednesday night so its all good :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	yes ! + long kriya followup tomo oct 28th 7:30 am - 9am @USER koramangala . walk in for the weekly servicing of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this thurs . college night at xclusive first 50 ppl with college id $2 after that $5 make it your move to be there
id1	id2	neutral	None	update on the release of the beatles - love me do 50th anniversary 7 vinyl , the record will now be released on the 22nd of october
id1	id2	neutral	None	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm !! #fvsu rt14x
id1	id2	neutral	None	played dishonored ( 360 ) , darksiders 2 ( 360 ) and mass effect 3 ( 360 ) in the last 24 hours . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what did you think of derby tonight sav ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tottenham hotspur boss andre villas-boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a january bid for brazilian willian . #bpl
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lmfao ! you know why they call japan the land of the rising sun right ?... cause everyone there is squinting all day long .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER uhmmm are you sure ? cuz groundhog day isnt til like february or march lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i saw the drummer from frankie and the heartstrings in town on saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	me ; ill bring your birthday card in on friday kane ; aw really ? its the thought that counts id prefer a tv twat
id1	id2	neutral	None	demon gaze , a next-gen dungeon rpg for the the playstation vita [ 1st trailer and screens ]: kadokawa games today ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just heard my bud @USER rode with tom boonen @USER yesterday . #tourofcalifornia goes off sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it would make me and @USER s night if you replied or retweeted us ! ireland loves jersey shore !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	romneys great line about trickle down government was coined by gov . mitch daniels as early as january . mitt uses good sources .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this sunday the leos are taken over jett lounge #lionking URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#tbt reppin the w&m sweatshirt on my 2nd birthday . i had a sweet lion king cake too URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just may be the only person who still play temple run
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st film since 2 n a half men , charlie sheen is set to star with jason schwartzman in a glimpse inside the mind of charlie swan iii .
id1	id2	positive	None	rt : @USER its friday people !!! get that kermit the frog cycling feelin ;) pic.twitter.com/1en066lh // and ive started holidays !! :))
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday- to jack in the box then party at her house . saturday- go to the park and live up the yolo life xd . sunday- watch movies c :
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER currently at the london childrens museum . then #dragonslive later . then to goderich until tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	marcia gay harden is 52 today ... loved her #svu roles as an fbi agent , and especially the amanda knox movie .
id1	id2	negative	None	i have to drive with ms. pope saturday ... kill me now .
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss plies at belo nightclub on saturday 10/6 with z 90.3 | san diego !! get your tickets now - ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	taylor allderdice is a sick mix tape too . convinced all wiz is good wiz , hyped for the album dropping dec 2nd !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER strong @USER anyone thinking of going to chesterfield next saturday , edgar davids v luis boa-morte !? @USER & i may be there
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER still remember all your 1st names , bar shotton . had a huge utd squad poster on my bedroom wall . you lot were in the front row .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nine goa congress legislators want to join us : bjp : panaji , oct 31 ( ians ) goas ruling bharatiya janata party ( b ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the lorax paid us a surprise visit , checking the place out for saturday . come meet him 11/3 from 10-2 ! pic.twitter.com/jjiich4d
id1	id2	neutral	None	yardbarker : announcing the november 17 smashville express to knoxville URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on tuesday , the theatres open at ten oclock in the morning , as lent begins after eight at night . on tuesday , all those who through want
id1	id2	positive	None	belladonnas zylona is at aladdins tonight - come enjoy the show ! hold on to your hookahs - heres directions URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	national margarita day ? this is like christmas in july only with tequila ... lots of tequila
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER astonishing ! police raid milan offices of standard & poors URL || did u see this ? this is the 1st time i have !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cowboys and aliens comes to uk theatres on august 17th . it looks pretty good . gonna see it for my bday on august 23rd .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great to meet the guys from blue today at nurburgring . a very cool bunch of guys ! looking forward to hearing them later !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#stamps the u.s. postal service made a special delivery saturday at the l.a. times festival of books poetry sta ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i honestly cant wait to get out of greensboro with @USER tomorrow !
id1	id2	negative	None	machine gun kelly concert on the 30th !! me & @USER bout 2 shut this bitch down !
id1	id2	neutral	None	day 1 = something starting with a c , channing tatum . #november #challenge #photoaday #sexy #damn URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you going to zacharys tomorrow man
id1	id2	negative	None	if jenelle comes to the game tomorrow ... ill die #missherlots #itsbeentolong #mybaby
id1	id2	positive	None	excellent performance by pj harvey last night ! hairs on back of neck stuff ! good company too with @USER @USER and andrea :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	andres wigan warning : wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league , but andre villas-boas is w ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	with the election right around the corner , rrfp is pleased to announce super tuesday ! get an additional 5% ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rave reviews ... book now ! sat 3rd , 7:30 , the cabinet makers daughter at shaftesbury arts centre . spread the word ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	richie hawtin - monday night - buffalo town ballroom - dont miss it !
id1	id2	negative	None	fuck ... i forgot the nets opener is moved to sunday and i gotta go with my dad ... i have to drive home from find fast ... #rushingflow
id1	id2	negative	None	in case you forgot panthers are horrible on defense . pathetic . ranked 27th against run and their top cb ( gamble ) is out w/ injury . #cowboys
id1	id2	neutral	None	guess im singing what makes you beautiful with @USER tomorrow for choir #leggo
id1	id2	neutral	None	attn #nyc folks : guardian has a truck with generators at union square/14th street offering free device recharging fri 11-8pm . pass it along
id1	id2	negative	None	caltrain just cant catch a break . mt @USER about 10:30 a.m. train #425 struck a female on the train tracks south of 16th street
id1	id2	neutral	None	grace means you give something they may not deserve , but you give it to them anyway . - joseph prince
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER and the sox beat the yankees today so i can smile !
id1	id2	negative	None	fuck halloween . fuck thanksgiving . fuck my birthday . fuck christmas , the new year , valentines , st. patricks , april fools . fuck all of that .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nysports rothstein files : five observations from uconn : monday was the first time i took in a practice at gampel ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	siapin nih .. like a g6 , that what makes you beautiful , just dance , boom boom pow ! ready for the day after tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	higgins great experience for the young group and to meet with premier league teams a real highlight very young squad to play on sat
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER they hold 4 titles . there are loads out there . but thy hold the four highest regarded . nd vitali may retire soon ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 8th ... its goin down at dar constitution hall ... im gonna make this last part rhyme ... mb yall !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER it was in the members email . info will be up on the blog tomorrow . series for the next 2 weeks :) daily motivation
id1	id2	neutral	None	is that liam neeson sat next to roman abramovich ?, id sleep with one eye open tonight if i was dimatteo ! #cfc #mufc #supersunday
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow will mark 42 years since the wichita state football team plane crash happened . ( october 2 , 1970-silver plume , co ) 31 lost their lives
id1	id2	positive	None	so happy hisd has no school tomorrow ! no student teaching in the morning !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	4 tasty hoops matchups tonight 1 . san diego state @USER mexico 2 . marshall @USER virginia 3 . st. joe @USER 4 . wichita st @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	this may be a fact !! rt @USER curtis painter will help the colts win their first game ! u heard it here first !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	alejandro valverde wins stage 3 of paris-nice . can he catch bradley wiggins ? the answer URL #parisnice
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we are having a politics and pancakes program in the building next tuesday night -- you are welcome to come !
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch me walk into a columbia on a nice saturday afternoon and get clipped up like im fucking trayvon martin with the pillz
id1	id2	positive	None	what a sunday this could be ! english to beat the french and wiggo to wrap up paris-nice isnt too much to ask for is it ?
id1	id2	positive	None	so this saturday , fort canning with sweetheart (: okay can ! yay !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rumour has it the nokia n9 is coming to 3 in september ? true ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	jackals goal ! jimmy martin sneaks a rebound past killeen to give elmira a 2-1 lead . bushee & bellamy with the assists . 1:09 left 2nd period
id1	id2	positive	None	but a very happy 21st birthday to my nieces mommy , jess . i love you with all my heart and miss payton too ( who will be 1 in 12 days . )
id1	id2	neutral	None	tune into @USER for live coverage of tonights nns race . @USER starts 5th in the 200-lap event . #nascar
id1	id2	neutral	None	world music festival rocks city saturday : maria muldaur headlines the day-long event , which bring french g ... URL #jazz
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol ill be able to do it saturday .. or friday night after the greek show
id1	id2	neutral	None	november 3rd-norfolk , va-norva theatre ( nas only)november 4th-washington , dc - dar constitution hall ... for you concert seekers out there !
id1	id2	positive	None	watched some of the #cmaawards b/c of hayden panettiere & saw carrie underwood do gangnam style ! lol it will be the 1st billion views video !
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont want to go to school on monday . my excuse will be that hisd doesnt have school lol ~
id1	id2	neutral	None	mizzou links , 9-5-12 : holy smokes , its wednesday already ? i havent even posted bill carters sela photo ... URL #ncaaf
id1	id2	negative	None	being in amsterdam this early on a friday morning is not my ideal , i just want to get home !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow venus crosses the sun and theres lots more going on much closer to north branford and northford , too . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im in north carolina with @USER we play at elon university tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	4 days until vintagenow . we want to raise a bundle for the safe house for women . support us by attending 0ct 30th . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may be the only person in pottstown right now
id1	id2	neutral	None	theres still time to get your tickets to the indie designer fashion show this saturday confirmed guest erica mena of love & hip hop , maino ,
id1	id2	neutral	None	eli manning hopes the giants can uplift the spirits of the millions affected by sandy in ny with their game against the steelers on sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	just close your eyes the sun is going down youll be alright no one can hurt you now come morning light you and ill be safe and sound #np
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yesss its true . wednesday london thursday luton friday luton . are you down . go hard our go home ( remember that ) lmfao
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do you n @USER fany stamford on sat ? lou is coming , get eddy involved aswell ! @USER is doing her famous tagine !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i been watching all-access kentucky every wed and it has been making me like these young dudes on kentucky .
id1	id2	negative	None	my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep . she is a little too old for an imaginary friend , dont ya think ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the highest any human has ever gone . keith richards may have something to say about that . #redbullstratos
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER from december 26th to january 26th . nyc until the 1st , nc and then fl .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wanna go buy new vans just because im going to @USER s concert on november 17th . <33
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow at 12pm , you will finally be able to watch filthy rich clip in youtube #filthyrichclip
id1	id2	neutral	None	saw two bill boards with christmas on them and cvs had candy for christmas , 22 more days til black friday
id1	id2	positive	None	free psn game on psn game is zen pinball 2 . free game on playstation network . as of oct 1 2012 . get it now while its free . usa psn
id1	id2	neutral	None	wildcat rosters , including the 8th grade girls roster , have been updated again at URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sharon , hi , you may be interested in this ---> jeff timmons on paul and matty show URL
id1	id2	positive	None	talked bulletproof design among other cool topics with the mta yesterday . no , seriously , bulletproof design .
id1	id2	neutral	None	according to reports , lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury . anyone surprised ?!?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	chigozie agbim and chibuzor okonkwo left the shores of nigeria on sunday morning to team up with the super eagles ahead of tuesdays intern
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER got a suggestion for a gk tomorrow that doesnt cost over 5.6 ?!!. i want to replace krul .
id1	id2	negative	None	if twilight wins all the awards at the tcas tonight , i will burn my twilight posters k ? ok .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mt @USER free tickets for @USER talking about dial m for murdoch on 6th december are available URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im not getting on twitter tomorrow because all my tl will consist of is a bunch of girls talking about justin beiber #aintgottimeforthatshit
id1	id2	neutral	None	delmar johnson will interview about new release of book ! boci talk radio @USER cst on october 31st . listen ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dallas stars forward jamie benn has signed with the hamburg freezers in germany . he could make his debut against mannheim on friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i feel like viola davis is being cicely tysoned but im going to bed . i may awake to hate tweets .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mtsu takes a timeout . stops the play clock at : 48 . they are facing a 3rd down and 9 . if they convert its over . if not there is a slim chance
id1	id2	neutral	None	cmon avila ! you just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid bill murray was researching in the royal tenenbaums ! #tigers
id1	id2	positive	None	big game with vcu tomorrow night ! second-place is on the line . #letsgox URL
id1	id2	positive	None	alright , just woke up , about to go ball . open lobby tonight and tomorrow , going to be going for crazy 100+s ! * cough * desert eagle * cough * ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i bet . they are coming to vegas the 20th . i wanna go then . what were tickets there ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we many not to get watch any nhl games , but we can watch evgeni malkin and alex ovechkin in the khl ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	there wont be just a party in the usa tonight therell be a party worldwide when miley wins . booyah ! tcaformiley
id1	id2	neutral	None	bright moonlight later may hamper auroral observations , but jupiter and the moon are very close tonight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anonymous asked : just realized while watchin fri-end that the youtube account that uploaded the video is ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	michael jackson - hollywood tonight pic.twitter.com/s6n3hjj
id1	id2	neutral	None	and on the very first play of the night , aaron rodgers is intd by udfa cb brandian ross , who returns it for a pick-six touchdown .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi elif greetings from usa midwest how is school going ? happy turkish republic day ! i cant wait for nov 8 #newglee yes !
id1	id2	neutral	None	amen rt @USER may the universe guide tony romos arms and eyes toward jason witten . and may jason ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i really and positively dgaf about ted nugents bronco rebuild . in fact if i see bronco with zebra stripes i may have to stfosb .
id1	id2	neutral	None	smashing melons aint my thingrt @USER okay , noel gallagher is playing in louisville on november 4th . whos going with me ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	30 free tickets to watch saigon heat vs singapore slingers in singapore , 4pm apr 29 for the first 30 fans email to communit @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	all blue and white fam , we r meeting at golden corral for dinner tonight at 6pm ...
id1	id2	positive	None	writing up my case study so i can enjoy my weekend by going to raleigh friday && babysitting my favorite twi URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER thats rough . you had 3 definite starts on a bye . also , flacco over newton ? we have to talk about this on friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	isis trial begins as metropcs welcomes google wallet : monday marked a busy day for mobile commerce in the u.s. , ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great night at the club and now just chilling before going to the pit of doom for the night ! will be playing hf again tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight on sports special : joe trahan goes 1-on-1 with tony romo , footage from cowboys scrimmage - and tcu trying to build on the rose bowl !
id1	id2	neutral	None	capt and chloe were at the fall for horses event at the new jersey horse park on sunday in allentown , nj and had ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER gm the new cast of dwts is going to be on good morning america on tuesday morning , hope your appts . go well , love u !!
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope yall come 2 take ur loved one 2 the doctor day at liacouras center saturday . i gotta be there at 730am & need entertainment !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	on election day , november 6 mdc will be having class as a make up day . we will see all of our dance iii lovelies then !
id1	id2	neutral	None	regus 3rd place site opening throughout europe . check out the new uk locations at beaconsfield and cobham . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	peter whittingham now officially overtaken the mighty roger johnson as my favorite ccfc player ever ! more of the same tuesday please
id1	id2	neutral	None	6 people left in the world and one of them is bill murray ... theres only 5 people ... whos the 6th ???
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER this friday night , terra nova football is playing one of our teams up here . i can do a little something for pp if you want .
id1	id2	negative	None	danica patrick let her temper get the best of her sunday and knocked herself out of nascar race URL
id1	id2	negative	None	its 1:30 in the morning and all i want to do is watch the vampire diaries . sad .
id1	id2	positive	None	games played during the week are now more interesting than super sunday !
id1	id2	positive	None	just in case you need some inspiration today . steve jobs 2005 stanford commencement address : URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	dee dee ramones exhibition of visual work opens tomorrow ! dee dee & shepard fairey prints for sale at the opening ! friday 8pm-11pm
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you hitting that com truise/bonde do role show at the echo tomorrow ? just entered the last contest i could find , haha .
id1	id2	positive	None	son if deandre learned anything more than dunking . he could be the 3rd best center in the league . brook lopezs rebound numbers hold him back
id1	id2	neutral	None	the perfect storm ( with george clooney ) v . the day after tomorrow ( with jake gyllenhaal , dennis quaid ) -- #sandy more comparable to ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER yall shld came down for #ghoe n greensboro nc #ncatsu . its still going down tomorrow nite . fuk w us .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what about right now ? lol
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER im still shaking my head at that decision and that the heat & knick are actually playing tomorrow at msg .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so the dude on shameless last night is lucien from big brother
id1	id2	positive	None	its josh bradleys birthday tomorrow . so what time is the party ? lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER dont eat until friday between the hours of 5-10 and go to ricks cafe in randolph to get food , ya dig ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	knicks vs celtics oct . 20 at the times union ... #bethere
id1	id2	neutral	None	bill carter of new york times called . they are working on story about our renewal for tomorrows paper . charlie skinner is doin the talking
id1	id2	neutral	None	west liberty goes for it on 4th & goal with seconds remaining in the half . isaiah moody runs 2 yards in . fsu leads 19-13 at the half .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching joseph prince . getting fed . u may think it but u dont have to say it . speak gods words . #pastor #faith #word
id1	id2	neutral	None	mexican llws pitcher just let up 7 er in the 1st inning . sign him up for the gary carter memorial tea @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	game 3 tomorrow !!! im excited in this shit than the coming pro bowl haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to the ravens game in philly this thursday #getnthefucoutofhere
id1	id2	neutral	None	did i miss the charlie sheen roast on comedy central or is it sept 19th ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	nipsey hussle and dom kennedy this sat @USER you down ?
id1	id2	positive	None	tryna make tomorrow much better
id1	id2	neutral	None	on this day : october 24 2001 arsenal beat real mallorca 3-1 to qualify for the 2nd round of the ucl goals from pires , bergkamp & henry
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER has worn the same two shirts during the 3rd and 4th rounds of the @USER that he wore during the honda classic
id1	id2	neutral	None	pops bought red zone for the nfl , all nfl games on sunday . he bought the nba league pass as well .
id1	id2	positive	None	yep and that might b my move in dallas tonight rt @USER true ! tht would b fun .. @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	iebc is ready for 4th march elections , the electoral body should not be used as an excuse to delay polls says chairman .
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ abs-cbn news ] aquino on enriles memoirs : may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people
id1	id2	neutral	None	lol , imma real madrid fan , i dont want barca to win :d . and i can see that barca is winning , crap haha . cmon real fans vote !
id1	id2	neutral	None	royal treatment : stars at midnight tango opening tonight include camilla parker bowles . did she join the standing ovation ?
id1	id2	positive	None	tuesday september 6th . the return of the best show ever ! sons of anarchy . hell yeahhh ! #soa
id1	id2	positive	None	listening to ni**as in paris [ explicit ] by jay z and kanye happy 1st birthday to the throne pic.twitter.com/gdw2gbuc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER love ! see you tomorrow at sm sta . rosa . 4pm ah ! yaaay . :d pic.twitter.com/qohb19tb
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i just got back from hawaii on monday and im feeling sick too .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to soundwave festival at olympic park in sydney , australia - feb 24
id1	id2	neutral	None	lmao rt @USER they should make a new friday and have kevin hart katt williams and mike epps in it .
id1	id2	positive	None	other than lemon tea&lemonade . coke & pepsi are my 2nd favorites . as unhealthy they are , i cant/wont stop drinking them , theyre just so good
id1	id2	positive	None	in my tl guys talks about afc vs mufc i know guys u cant wait till saturday :d #epl <33
id1	id2	positive	None	the boys took care of business tonight ! 23-17 over the damn viqueens . felix , dez , & romo went ham !
id1	id2	neutral	None	why wait for the videos when you can come see duels official live tomorrow ? i may have vodka on my person too ! ha
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh , and for those still fellating harry redknapp , we went out in the 3rd round against stoke last season . remember that ?
id1	id2	negative	None	off to #stolenspacelnd to see the shepard fairey show i didnt get to see last friday ...
id1	id2	positive	None	first sounds of yea , alabama this morning plus nick saban stops by to speak to the band ! very exciting morning ! #mdb URL
id1	id2	positive	None	no14 - den 34 ; peyton and eli may meet in the super bowl if both denver and the new york giants keep winning like they did sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	billy crystal attends the special 25th anniversary screening of the princess bride at the new york festival URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#planetf1 sat : str , caterham , marussia , hrt : although daniel ricciardo made it into q2 in india , toro ro ... URL #f1news
id1	id2	negative	None	who all fuckin with twilight tonight ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did you know that david miliband was a yum junglist ? catch @USER @USER this friday night . pic.twitter.com/ib0ati0o
id1	id2	neutral	None	quiz tomorrow : plot elements in the challenge ... our current short story from the reading triumphs textbook . #knighteng6
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi ashley , my country , south korea like the us will be the presidential election on december 19 ^^
id1	id2	neutral	None	8th day on a flight to university of denver !! check out who is in the seat near the band !! they call him milton . pic.twitter.com/vlpdwprq
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you going to the bell game tomorrow .?
id1	id2	neutral	None	sundays golf roundup : nick watney flirts with 59 , rallies to victory : by associated press comments nick watney ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	happy valentines day ? i thought stupid #valentine was on the 14th of feb .
id1	id2	negative	None	now i kinda regret not going to bolder on friday . #fuckme
id1	id2	positive	None	just cus its friday here are 62 reasons why bill murray is awesome URL
id1	id2	positive	None	next monday = vampire diaries are back ! watch it :) very happy now :)
id1	id2	positive	None	long drive too kentucky tomorrow hopefully gonna get the big buck we caught on cam , at least we got @USER playing in the chevy ! <3
id1	id2	positive	None	oii @USER make martin atkinson referee for #cfc vs #mufc clash on 28th . thanks <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you want to see an exciting finish to the 2005 ut at bama game , check out css right now . 4th quarter 3-3 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER perron ? really ? gagner is no comparison . perron = 1st liner gagner = 3rd liner . one 8 pt game and people forget that he is a bum ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	derrick williams and @USER check in to tonights game . budinger with a long 2 ! #twolves up 20-17 with seconds left in the 1st .
id1	id2	positive	None	im so happy that the hotel at auburn has free wifi , so now i can watch the o.c before move in day tomorrow !! #thishasgottabeagoodlife
id1	id2	neutral	None	can someone txt me/ @USER me if we get any swr related news tonight , ill be at young adults at church so no internet .
id1	id2	positive	None	piss easy job analysing on motd2 . they just repeat what gary neville says on super sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER im meant to be going roundhouse , but decided tonight that i dont wanna go anymore , so gonna apply for joseph wright tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	jose mourinho : we want to win the playoff , and if we win tomorrow , thats best #halamadrid
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to north mississippi allstars at neighborhood theatre in charlotte , nc - sep 21 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	nfl commissioner roger goodell says he may cancel the pro bowl : URL would you care if there was no pro bowl ?
id1	id2	negative	None	sunday is turning out to be the day when i play temple run . social life is a joke only . forever alone lvl 1000 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	perth listeners : nick is giving the talk food & social justice @USER @USER tomorrow ( friday ) #green #animalrights URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy bday in italy :-) i know its tomorrow but party is today ! enjoy your time a mom&davide my disabled boy : we love u2
id1	id2	positive	None	see robbie keane jumping off the bench claiming that 4th goal !! #greathattickfromrobbie
id1	id2	neutral	None	purples and football at baby as with my aunt and cousin . ready to see my jets play on monday ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i think he and sanchez should both be sat down . time to bring back the 4-man rotation .
id1	id2	positive	None	clippers vs lakers tomorrow ! you all are about to be 0-11 !
id1	id2	positive	None	if you are in #orangecounty / near laguna hills , please come visit me at awakenings this thursday at 7pm ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ni**as in paris . may be better than the original . URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	now its november wont b long til xmas music starts on vh1 . cant wait all day everyday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha ! this weekends crazy esp w/ mike working but im throwing you a welcome home 20th birthday 3.0 when you get back from fl
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER of course , you get a 7th guy in there who says he likes that real heavy stuff like iron maiden and judas priest man yeah -.-
id1	id2	positive	None	paper finished , cmas over , blake and miranda dominated , accounting hw got pushed to wednesday . going to bed happy :)
id1	id2	positive	None	ill be playing #mitd tonight around 8:30 pm est . open lobby will most likely be tomorrow evening . keep an eye on youtube/twitter .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER cant really remember but i think it was capellos 2nd and we started with 9 or 10 wins and ended with chimenti
id1	id2	positive	None	an ipad on one side of the bed streaming family guy and my macbook on the other side streaming porn . ah , what a nice sunday morning .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER i wanted to smack eli manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the 2nd half on sunday . hahahaha
id1	id2	negative	None	is it just me or is google apps email just plain slow today ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	#gotohell tour starts tomorrow ! show starts at 615 at the side bar in tallahassee . go radio , paradise fears , stages , and solid gold thunder !
id1	id2	neutral	None	all humans are entrepreneurs - reid hoffman in the startup of you URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER i certainly wouldnt be spending my hard earnt taking the kids to see say shels 2nd xi v us , clubs will fold no doubt
id1	id2	neutral	None	amazon has opened an online store for black friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the fa will be bringing a new interactive road show to arsenal ladies ahead of the game against everton on thursday
id1	id2	neutral	None	but first today ... taking all the brood to see rise of the planet of the apes . might sneak the dog in too ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	due to accidents/traffic my sat-nav took me through the blackhall tunnel instead of dartfordgot a nice drive past the olympic park though !
id1	id2	positive	None	i wanna see studio footage so bad . we are about to hear some unreleased stuff ! likeee i cant wait until sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	and now i do see its up . ill blame it on a case of the mondays . creighton picked to win wbb , siu picked to finish 8th ahead of drake , ue
id1	id2	neutral	None	review : black friday 2012 ampro t19701 6 led flashlight with magnetic pick-up tool : find , shop , see reviews , ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#g8m steve emerson on sun explains the riots and real motives URL #tcot #teaparty
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER really really good ian , skyfall tonight , jack white tomorrow & man u away saturday , cant be bad . how are you ?
id1	id2	positive	None	gamble landed at ludlow with our first @USER selection hold court winning at 13-8 from 9-2 . super duty ran well in 2nd and will be
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to halestorm at backstage live in san antonio , tx - nov 10 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	catch me on sarah g live this sunday !! hehe ingat guys ! goodnight ! love you !! : ***
id1	id2	neutral	None	new shepard fairey print : oh susannah will be released october 18th via @USER . check it out ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER nah i gotta take the act tomorrow and from there go to beaumont for oscars game
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER head over to hulu & start watching the first bit of the finder . youll see the fox logo bump , then it says it airs fri 8/8c on usa .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER indeed i am . i get back late tuesday night so i can easily come into banff the next day . what time would be good for you ?
id1	id2	positive	None	happy bday big boss !!! @USER happy birthday roman abramovich ( 24 october 1966 ) wish you all the best :)) #cfc pic.twitter.com/dn9a07rb
id1	id2	negative	None	golf capsules : nick watney missed a chance for a 59 on sunday in his cimb classic victory , closing with a course ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its monday night football wrangler nation ! game time 7:05 pm vs . the wichita wild ! get your tickets now to cheer ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	purims dancer runs in the 7th @USER today . the local goat must be wishing her good luck pic.twitter.com/xnzn11md
id1	id2	neutral	None	please put on your calender to come to the petrolia-vfd social hall in petrolia , pa this saturday night the raise ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	aaah guys its friday already in spain where @USER lives ... i wanna do follow friday now but i have to consider hawaiis time ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	just bought a steelseries siberia illuminated frost blue headset . hope it arrives on saturday so i have it this weekend ... #geek
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dont get me wrong i love bruno mars he is amazing but that grammy should have went to adam for best pop vocal . i mean cmon !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just watched the lorax for the 20th time !! #ihavenoregrets #ooc
id1	id2	positive	None	never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow ... tomorrow never comes ... if it means anything to u , act now ! #getafterit
id1	id2	positive	None	shooting tvshow sons of anarchy at my studio today . they closed off all the streets for a giant gun battle ! fun . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rob on the kyle and jackie o show on oct 23rd : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its going to be a somber set tonight for curtis painters nickelback cover band , something in your mouth .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER bullet for my valentine next year ? do you still want to go see them ? presale starts tomorrow morning !
id1	id2	neutral	None	for our feb . issue : what do you splurge on right before lent ? where in nova do you splurge ? what have you given up for lent ?
id1	id2	negative	None	austin rivers needs to get stronger , #spurs guards muscling him tonight . he started and just now scored in 4th . #hornets
id1	id2	positive	None	rodeo miami named rodeo of the year for the 3rd straight year ! congrats to the rodeo miami team ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in the sports world kenseth avoids 25-car pileup to win at dega : daytona 500 winner matt kenseth won sunday at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hes only 4th best british fighter , never mind world champ . 1 . haye 2 . fury 3 . chisora 4 . price .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may your day be full of joy and happiness ! happy birthday nick j :)
id1	id2	positive	None	~ on istep i passed math but not english o well i am going to the 9th grade woooaaahhh
id1	id2	positive	None	pumped to open the season tomorrow night against georgetown ! womens preview : URL | mens preview : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully going to go see romeo santos with catherine on december woot woot :d <3 , <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont miss these upcoming spc events : on november 15th - a post-election breakdown with mark and mark ,... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes todays republicans
id1	id2	positive	None	another beauty of a day in athens , greece . i trust youll have an exceptional friday wherever in the world you are . much love .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the u.s. postal service reported a $5.2 billion quarterly loss , says it is nearly out of cash . <-- sat mail will be gone very soon ...
id1	id2	positive	None	nikon contest outlaws film images for first time ( update monday ) - URL - the rules for the nikon photo contest ...
id1	id2	positive	None	#nw true blood cant wait til the new one comes on tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	friday - yearbook ordering deadline ! your child is going to want one of these , and they are so easy to order online : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its friendship day coming this sunday and people are reacting like valentine day
id1	id2	positive	None	i took my boyfriend best virginity last night in club bodi ... it was her 1st time goin 2 the club ever @USER happy bday chum chum
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER verlander is possibly ahead of cc , more sos better era , but cc will bounce back after last nights outing like he always does
id1	id2	positive	None	just seen that four lions is on c4 on sunday night for anyone who hasnt seen it yet . so proud of my big brother ; the associate producer :)
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing work directioners ! little things was number 1 on the @USER tonight ! can we do it again tomorrow ? #challengeaccepted
id1	id2	negative	None	capello bemoans language barrier in russia : russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you get ungrounded tomorrow go to laurens birthday kickback
id1	id2	positive	None	mee & my grandpa are going to the rita game tomorrow #cutiepies
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants a love like johnny and june ? i want a love like blake and miranda . #lovethem #obsessed
id1	id2	negative	None	simcity delayed its availability URL
id1	id2	negative	None	halloween may be the second worst holiday , right after valentines day
id1	id2	positive	None	caught up with x factor today and i love the new panel ! such a good mix and after doubting tulisa i actually think shes fab
id1	id2	positive	None	physics professor just extended our assignment from 11:30 tonight to 11:30 tomorrow ... i guess he isnt the only one drinking . #profgetcrunk
id1	id2	negative	None	boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against #gop2012 debate . what ? same time as packers-saints #nfl opener ?!?
id1	id2	positive	None	good day ! and to mak it even better , my clothes from american eagle came in ! church tonight too ! : )
id1	id2	positive	None	my heart is gold , my twat is glass , cmon baby cant ya see ? yes .. a glass twat .. better known as a womb with a view ;d lol !
id1	id2	negative	None	a single-vehicle crash early sunday morning claimed the life of a selma teen . james brandon banks , 19 , was ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	you may want to plan on getting a cup of coffee at winans this saturday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER rui ens off to macau tomorrow for the filming of poetic justice . and heres a note from her :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER @USER @USER either of you la guys going to summerslam on sunday ? ill be around , but not at the show .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER come see @USER @USER @USER and david taylor at pivopivo with me next saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	* [ congress may provide for the case of removal of both ] , declaring what officer shall then act as president . ( article 2 , section 1 ) *
id1	id2	neutral	None	were playing with jim white on tuesday ! static on the radio por favor ? URL via @USER @USER @USER #dcshows
id1	id2	neutral	None	ricky ponting has passed 23,000 first class runs - the 12th australian to do so !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER tccic ; * good night ;) see you on monday at sm bacolod ; >
id1	id2	positive	None	sat here with a cuppa coffee , watching jeremy kyle with @USER #lovely
id1	id2	neutral	None	for those interested , mark martin will make his 850th career nscs start this weekend ( ranked 5th on all-time list ) . #nascar
id1	id2	negative	None	rt @USER the moment after the last election i have prepared my mind for 4 years of no leadership , may god help nigeria
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER im going to hell in a cell in atl , the december ppv in memphis , and elimination chamber in nola
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lol last i heard the 21st of december but who the hell knows . for bel ami they were going to show it but they didnt and
id1	id2	negative	None	obviously , i am not a fan of dream high 2 and i havent even watched it ! well , i watched the 1st ep , thats where i heard that song ! ^^
id1	id2	neutral	None	#pistons struggle in 1st . trail minny 27-10 at end of 1 in winnipeg . det 3/17 fg with 6 turnovers . derrick williams 12 pts for minn .
id1	id2	neutral	None	live review : of montreal , neighborhood theatre , 6/12/2012 : on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre , the crowd ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	you know what ? goon may be a low brow comedy , but it was fun as hell . go netflix it .
id1	id2	positive	None	highlight of my day was buying my ticket to see ferry corsten and markus schulz @USER november 10th #trancefamily
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ fan-acc ] 120921 incheon airport : while waiting to board the plane , dongwoo sat on top of woohyuns leg !! xd ~ ( cr : weibo )
id1	id2	negative	None	turns out having less than an hours unbroken sleep leaves you feeling pretty grim on a tuesday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER agreed . thats like the nba all-star game taking place in october .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER real ones are avail about a month or so b4 mardi gras ( day b4 ash wed )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i swear my facebook was exploding this morning ! booms all over the fucking place ! reminded me of four lions . xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday morning mobile : the 24/7 consumer : when steve jobs made a surprise appearance to unveil the ipad2 earlier ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	congratulations to nmrhs marching band on placing 1st in nesba competition saturday & for winning a gold medal at the micca competition today
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the 34th anniversary of elvis presleys death . i love you , rest in peace .
id1	id2	positive	None	excited about the bump in ram for raspberry pi . such a nice surprise for a monday . : )
id1	id2	neutral	None	broadway bar to see allstar and bravo perform then aquarius . im stepping out the box and baring a lot of skin tonight . pics tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	so pretty much im gonna believe that myt 10,000 th tweet will come sometime tonight during the mnf game jets at texans on espn
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER as he was in a news ltd town surely @USER had something to say about murdoch in intro to scousers dont buy the sun ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER brought my tickets yesterday at the pre sale constitution hall in dc .. btw way i love ur new album ... nov . 4th ... epic night ... cant wait ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	bucks backcourt mates brandon jennings and monta ellis had a little brother-big brother talk on sunday , as jennings described it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jason wu - lace , bandeau tops , harnesses and the debut of his 4th bag line , the carolyn #jasonwu #nyfw
id1	id2	negative	None	how im going to miss senior years selma vs k-town game friday cuz i have work ! <<<
id1	id2	positive	None	i could have had the best day ever !.. if i had went to tha nicki minaj concert in ac tonight ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	arsenal fixtures out ... i am going to target nov 17 for my trip to emirates . north london derby ... vs the spuds . #liverintraining
id1	id2	neutral	None	heres all you need to know about upcoming #lebronx drops URL thursday marks two launches blue diamond & jade . #teamlebron
id1	id2	neutral	None	just commented on @USER amanda knox appeal enters final stages as it resumes today - URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER we may not win academy awards , but we will be the freaking peoples choice dammit !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	may not know spanish but shit whenever i listen to il divo i just want to flash my scarlet !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just sat beside a joe paterno fan at the bank . he had a license plate that said with his name and a penn state plate . sucks for him .
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to the judd apatow guest edited issue of vanity fair in january . expecting lots of lena dunham , paul rudd , leslie mann , etc .
id1	id2	positive	None	my social media week starts tomorrow , kicking off with socialising the internet of things . sounds intriguing . #smwldn
id1	id2	neutral	None	ea #e3 news you may have missed : simcity confirmed for feb 2013 & simcity social for facebook ; crysis 3 feb 2013 release < c >
id1	id2	positive	None	rt @USER i went to see kevin hart and still cant wait to go see the movie on the 9th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER welll friday imma be with aj . sat imma be with my girls to shop , get nails done && eyebrows . you coming ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	b-cu fans : a live video stream of saturdays football game vs . morgan state will be available at the following link ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	three times grammy nominated , brit award nominee and ivor novella winner joan armatrading takes to the stage on sunday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the wednesday ipad edition is out now - including tom segals pricewise advice and brilliant previews for juddmonte international day
id1	id2	negative	None	wichita st. with 3 errors in 2 innings . i imagine veteran coach gene stephenson is boiling in the dugout . msu lead 6-0 , bottom 2nd .
id1	id2	positive	None	ok sorry sm sta . rosa , november 10 ! see you guys ! =)
id1	id2	negative	None	im mad that i havent changed the channel . ive actually watched 3 episodes of stevie tv & every time i get mad at myself for watching it !
id1	id2	positive	None	oh lordy , a hilarious night of dressing up as jackie o and nelson . godamn it , its only wednesday
id1	id2	neutral	None	listening to springsteens nebraska album while driving through ... well you can guess . @USER wishes . playing lincoln tonight ! 6pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	lets end my friday madness set with some vintage francis m . #coldsummernights
id1	id2	negative	None	just watched the whole 2nd season of breakout kings only to find out they canceled the fucking show -.-
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lol that was our only year we may have had a chance at the superbowl . now we must wait until nick foley
id1	id2	neutral	None	clearwire investor demands sale of spectrum : sprint nextel may have designs on the struggling cellphone network ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	someone be sure to tell george clooney to keep the andrea gail at the dock tomorrow . read @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the record is looking for creative&&talented ppl . join prof . thorbjornsen&& dr. beverly on the 10th from 3-4pm in rose parlor .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tbf it is , hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive . this is his 11th game in
id1	id2	positive	None	well , its monday again folks :-/ start of week 4 at ou ! but , its a new week in salem & port charles ! woo ! #days #gh ! morning all ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	meet the amazing race philippines contestants . watch it on tv5 starting tomorrow . i am excited for this show . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cricket australia have downplayed ricky pontings hamstring injury , saying he should be ready to play in the first test on nov 9 . #cricket
id1	id2	neutral	None	today : republicans might hate obamas health care law , but fighting the details is tough . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	you can also catch me in room 2 at amplified sessions @USER club , bournemouth next friday , supporting roger sanchez in the main room !
id1	id2	neutral	None	bures 1st game as a nyr at msg against van . lost 3-1 , bure had the lone goal . know who had a hat trick for van ? todd bertuzzi #realtalk
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER print aint dead yet cole , and im sure you know theres something special about sunday papers too .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i would also just like to point out that the eagles had a win today ;-))
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good . going to the fair to get an autograph from miesha tate tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	what a perfect day for a wedding workshop ! the idea was born at wppi in feb ... and not only is it finally here it ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	boateng put through his own net in the dying seconds to hand bayer leverkusen a 2-1 victory on sunday evening ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	why is my mind doing this to me ? 1st i think about max and how he always knows when im sad and now i think about what happens when he dies
id1	id2	neutral	None	golf on sunday with @USER @USER and @USER is going to be more one sided than klitschko vs @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	sick beard : download finished : 3rd rock from the sun - 5x11 - dick puts the id in cupid
id1	id2	positive	None	celebrity juice is the highlight of my thursday night .. keith lemmon is hilarious hahaha
id1	id2	positive	None	occupy unmasked with andrew breitbart - citizens united productions URL via @USER & cheery monday ! * lol or no ???
id1	id2	positive	None	isaiahs prayer tonight : ... and god , thank you for all the wonderful animals you made . like bears , lions , tigers and pterodactyls . love th
id1	id2	negative	None	seriously bummed that #perksofbeingawallflower isnt playing at any of the bases here on okinawa ... may fly home just to see it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	on the set of the axis of the nigerian economy , airing every tuesday 8:30 pm on nta international ( dstv ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	welp lets see if tony romo can put me over the top today #fantasyfootball
id1	id2	neutral	None	i feel like hammond would be the only school in the county that would make us come to school tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	just whooped some ass in kill confirmed with @USER and @USER tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in gears3
id1	id2	positive	None	knicks vs heats friday its going down
id1	id2	neutral	None	eleanor says shes going to practice squat peeing in the shower for tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	we are in search for card section manager in muscat , oman . if interested you may apply @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER presents : dethklok with machine head , all that remains , and black dahlia murder ! tuesday , november 13th at the venue at the hub !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER no problem . are you going to be at the rising stars game on saturday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	two coaches mentioned are now on alabamas staff . that alone will make finebaum worth it tomorrow . #oldhabitspawwl @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	eli young band you were great on #cmaawards but you will be even better in starkville tomorrow night :) #bulldogbash #hailstate
id1	id2	positive	None	happy casimir pulaski day ! ( and i do realize the day is almost over but it still is monday , march 5th , so i say it`s fine . )
id1	id2	positive	None	simchat torah bash ! at the chaplains tomorrow night at 9 ! a night you will enjoy as much as purim ! see event for more details !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#longharryimagine #imagine its a friday night and you find yourself watching the notebook , again . you just ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i play cribbage at the eagles club on thirsty thursday . #partyanimal
id1	id2	neutral	None	interviewing paul conroy later for @USER -the photographer injured working with the sunday times journalist marie colvin in syria
id1	id2	positive	None	coaches like gonzagas chances - mon , 29 oct 2012 pst : dont count the zags out after their run of wcc basketball ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on sunday come to @USER - jason vernau - say traviss list at the door for free entry 4pm-midnight or reduced $10 midnight-2am
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh i meant my phone is slow but got another year left unless it breaks
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you going to sjp tomorrow night pal ?
id1	id2	positive	None	the woman in black - the legendary ghost thriller , touring to dubai and abu dhabi in november & december . more ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone wanna go to a gillie da kid concert sept 30th ? young savage and haddy are gonna be killin it too
id1	id2	positive	None	kristin chenoweth will be on over the rainbow sunday night ! 8pm cbc . here she gives me a singing lesson . im bad . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im happy my 1st showing is at 3pm today ... ritz carlton ... lets sell it ! #tomiroseteam
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is the happz for this friday movement fam . 6.30 pm at sylvia park ( meet up in the open space below the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER here are the official settings for gears3 for july 21st . execution maps- checkout no swaps , clocktower swap out boom for digger and
id1	id2	neutral	None	confirmed : ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow , october 19th URL #omgdroid
id1	id2	positive	None	so glad that the classical brit awards are on itv 1 on sunday have set the record button just in case i forget to watch .
id1	id2	neutral	None	coming up in the 4pm ( eastern ) hour , another chance for you to win tickets to tomorrow nights hudson family ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget , ill be at volare tonight and tomorrow for my birthday . instead of gifts , please donate a food item ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	knicks vs heats gone be the best 1st round series in the playoffs
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to pierce the veil at backstage live in san antonio , tx - oct 18 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mixin it up . playlist from the winans tomorrow to @USER today to @USER good day to @USER it is well yup !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER look closer =)) dress is not leather and looks like shes holding an iphone hehehe URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait until anderson silva taps out tonight @USER @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	i once turned down a performance ( david ruffin style ) due to the venue serving pork sliders ... like cmon bro
id1	id2	positive	None	gabe carimi called for his 2nd holding and 3rd in 2 games . but got lucky with offsetting calls . its his first time facing de cliff avril .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think i am going to take this trip to raleigh on saturday !
id1	id2	negative	None	sandy alderson may as well change his name to madoff because he is robbing the mets .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lmao ... hope your enjoying the sun ! love you so much :) #proudsoldier camilla parker bowles lol xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER yes these are the submissions to be considered by grammys . in december they announce the actual nominees .
id1	id2	positive	None	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company& #039 ;s erro ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ha rt @USER start of nfl preseason tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season , and the end of raiders postseason hopes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just found my iditarod powerpoint on a disc from like 7th grade ...
id1	id2	positive	None	velonews : tom boonen happy with amgen tour so far , but hopes for first win in sundays final stage in l.a. then ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	avb reveals latest plans for january : andre villas-boas says he has sent scouts around the world to see if the t ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	follow @USER if you want to win tickets to tomorrow nights nns race @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	pitch darn well sent . holidays can begin . rick steins for dinner tomorrow night ! see you in a week
id1	id2	negative	None	because after a while you catch yourself eating meatballs on a friday during lent , and you dont care .
id1	id2	negative	None	wish i was going to the rodeo tomorrow night with everyone :( stupid surgery
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER check out the one for silent house at the london tombs tomorrow night too !
id1	id2	negative	None	costa concordia accident : ships owners say the captain may have committed errors - breaking news buzz URL
id1	id2	positive	None	saw rise of the planet of the apes with the gf last night ... it was a pretty damn good movie ... yall should go check it out
id1	id2	positive	None	awhh i cant wait for stevie tv ! i wish it was march 4 already !
id1	id2	negative	None	bad times when u missed waterloo road last thursday when in tenerife and dont realise it was the last episode :( #notfair
id1	id2	positive	None	fca tomorrow at 7:30 in the band room !!! breakfast and fellowship , dont wanna miss it !!! come !! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	this friday night at the warehouse , dowtown shreveport , 9 pm . irene and the sleepers , super water sympathy , and cowboy mouth !! be there ! rt !
id1	id2	positive	None	state farm may have the discount double check but thanks to my wife i have the hotel room triple check no socks left behind
id1	id2	positive	None	chillin in traffic listening to wiz . taylor allderdice is my favorite mix tape of his . actually it may be in my top 10 period
id1	id2	neutral	None	heading to crows nest on sunday to cover ray whites celebrations for 110 years in the business of real estate .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER those who justified mumbai polices incompetency for aug 11 are the same ones who supported delhi polices action at ramlila ...!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER he bet me 5 bucks the lions would make the superbowl , and he also thinks the superbowl is on monday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER espanyol vs barcelona on 27 september - 15 mins with barca scoring a pen in the last minute to win
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wow thats a 1st cuz if thats the case i woulda been on some wilt chamberlain stuff with how my pops & granddad was
id1	id2	neutral	None	find out more about our guest lesley thomson before she pops up at book swap tomorrow night : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	spoke to phil jagielka earlier . he discussed the long ball issue very sensibly . interview will be in tomorrows echo . #efc
id1	id2	positive	None	looking for some free fun ? come to @USER friday to see the classic camp films cobra woman & jungle island . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday ... @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	trying to figure how long the walk from az to la is .. gotta see @USER perform nov 7th .. the bf says if i walk there hed pick me up (;
id1	id2	positive	None	gym tonight dependent on how , erm ... fresh , my kit is . otherwise its a pilgrimage to bolton first , or saturday morning . feeling good .
id1	id2	negative	None	hank williams & whisky in an empty bar on a friday . really ? im that guy now . fuck . cute bartender but she chats with an off duty one
id1	id2	neutral	None	first thing mon needs to do tomorrow is get on the phone to spurs and insist that danny rose is not returning to white hart lane #safc #ftm
id1	id2	neutral	None	hello nuggets , im going to get you tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in st. paul . plenty of room here so were 4th row center . plenty of room . pretty fired up
id1	id2	positive	None	glad martin showed up though . hopefully it will work out in the long run . get out there tomorrow night ! #thunderup
id1	id2	neutral	None	#redskins defenders stephen bowen , barry cofield and rob jackson swarm manning on 1st down ! cofield and jackson credited with sack ! #httr
id1	id2	positive	None	ok sir rt @USER nigeria will still top the group . if we lose , well be 2nd & face brazil . ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we have melbourne cup , woop thats a fab horse racing day & we have christmas , easter , good friday , australia day , idk heaps haha
id1	id2	negative	None	rt @USER iebc may hold the most modern & credible elections , but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we ...
id1	id2	positive	None	oneils barber & beauty will be open monday @USER and not closing to the last person leave ! #wegrind
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i might be going thursday to see the end of the fausto carmona era in cle and to see verlander , straight filthy stuff
id1	id2	positive	None	i have 2 say i thought the #emmys were great tonight . melissa mccarthy , peter dinklage , kyle chandler , ty burrell , julie bowen- all amazing !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tell everyone that is wanting to do jags that were starting pratices this sunday from 3-6 at the greenville gym .
id1	id2	neutral	None	spc is bring giuliana and bill rancic for breast cancer awareness month on october 30th in the gc ballrooms for a free event ! check out ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #omg , hes comming to mexico !! #myworldtour !!! ill be on 1st line , #believe . jb rt me :) 7
id1	id2	neutral	None	jesse jackson , in #gso , says hes headed to sanford fla , where trayvon martin was killed , saturday night .
id1	id2	positive	None	love it when you have bale first scorer , 2nd time in a week #loveit
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow night thursday oct 25 !!! first blood tour dubstep & trap halloween party with mayhem !!! greensboro nc ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget fca wont meet tomorrow morning . we will just meet after the football game on the field with sahs fca . #dontmissit #freepizza
id1	id2	negative	None	is it possible for aaron rodgers to suffer a career ending injury tonight ? just curious .
id1	id2	neutral	None	really wish i could go to florida on wednesday with them ..
id1	id2	negative	None	poor bruce springsteen : 1st swan c o-o pts badlands ; then abbott adopts the wrecking ball title . when will aussie politicians leave him alone ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	given up on work for the night , really cba ! know ill be able to concenttrate better tomorrow anyway . plus id rather talk to @USER now !
id1	id2	neutral	None	up early on a saturday to cook chili with sean cunningham at the ics chili cook off in new haven ct .
id1	id2	positive	None	in south korea ? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow . join us at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	for my 18th birthday i want a lap dance from that fat chick in rella .
id1	id2	neutral	None	timmonsville residents live with guns behind locked doors -- URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	choirs off next friday or the one after that ... tryna get a handful of people to go out somewhere for dinner ... anyone interested ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	photos : rock of ages kicks off the 7th season at the adrienne arsht center @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	go team eagles !!! hope my boy is enjoying the eagles 1st game :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	short hair is back ! check it out . ( clockwise ) alicia k , riri , miley c and twiggy the 1st skinny model . #pi URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fm preview : derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i hope my fishing trip with george clooney and mark wahlberg is still on for tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER brain is fried ... wont turn off ... feels like ground hog day ... may need shock treatments to reboot !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	after months of contemplation , i will unveil my remix to ni**as in paris on the 23rd live .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st its like imma play headlock , and then safe and sound , and now you gonna play all star . hmmm
id1	id2	neutral	None	entourage then going to eagles training camp tomorrow with @USER and @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	i really just want to cuddle up in a blanket and watch army wives right now . but i have a midterm and paper due tomorrow . #yaycollege
id1	id2	negative	None	nurgh , theres a stack of new mtas that need to be dealt with but i just cant be dealing with the crappy new url thing today d :
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ok i will remind you of this convo in march when brook beats devon alexander for a world title . and khan still has glass chin
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes thank you janine !! i saw kelsey grammer wed night at sag but didnt talk politics there . lets take hollywood back !
id1	id2	neutral	None	if a&m does finally consummate the sec romance , who would be the 14th sec team ? has to be one of fsu , clemson , miami or georgia tech .
id1	id2	positive	None	#np lay up ft @USER @USER @USER cant wait to actually buy the album when it comes out & the #mmg concert on nov 3rd at rupp .
id1	id2	negative	None	netanyahus new alliance with lieberman may not mean an automatic win in the election . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#gotexans v . the dirty #jets football team on mnf tonight -
id1	id2	positive	None	i need a nice can because i want to play penny can on saturday . this is a real problem . cougar town just made me love this game . haha .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER pmsl go check out that tumblr idk if its still there
id1	id2	neutral	None	going ice skating friday with thalia jack helemma and jazmin maybe giancarlo yaaa ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	volleyball game next friday , us vs the staff ..
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to the #dunfermlinewolves players that have their fife and tayside trials tomorrow . show them what you can do #itsyourtime
id1	id2	neutral	None	san antonio cyber : cyberspace the new battlefield in tehrans war - vancouver sun URL
id1	id2	positive	None	had a good time with student teacher , steve emerson today at the home brew class . next one will be june 2nd . pic.twitter.com/yymfqd3c
id1	id2	neutral	None	klitschko still the wbc boss vitali klitschko retained his wbc heavyweight title on saturday when his fight ag URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER aww :/ im pissed cause i cant download unbroken on youtube anymore sigh , and im also going to the cinema tomorrow :d
id1	id2	negative	None	sorry for not replying much , working but most want sagna lb or tv5 shifted but remember kos and jenk played 120 mins tues too . #toughcall
id1	id2	positive	None	long princeton ( and diggy ) #imagine : happy valentines day ( yn ) ... february 14 its been 9 m URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	my sis won tickets for the jonas brothers concert @USER canning on monday ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	rodeo saturday anyone going ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im excited to get my paul george jersey signed by you sunday at the fan jam !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the only dirty bombs on sunday will be the ones launched by mark dirty sanchez and the jets as they pummel romos homos #terror #nyj #wtc
id1	id2	neutral	None	if youre looking for the gs3 off contract , it hits metropcs next monday - URL by @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER your going to be tamping etc etc come sunday evening , up the mackems
