id1	id2	positive	None	on the bright side , if selenas greatest hits album thing is actually coming out on november 24th , i already know what to ask for my bday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes . and may is even cooler than before . and skye is better . and simmons is cool . but fitz is :( and the new folks are ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER maxpreps photographer jace kessler will be on the sidelines tomorrow nite covering your var football game vs ventura !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey ! are you really going to see wwat film tomorrow again ? :)
id1	id2	negative	None	brian cushing may want to retire after missing that tackle .
id1	id2	neutral	None	juncker + #eu want to rule over us for five years but only needs parliament approval : URL = #ukip 4 #brexit / @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	g oh d im going to get my daughter tomorrow we going shopping i miss my baby plus christmas coming up i have stuff to get together
id1	id2	positive	None	its fun to see how fast people turn bullish on just a bounce , expect new lows tomorrow voodoo spx
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER note about rodgers having 0 comebacks after trailing by 9+ in 2nd half , flynn had 2 wins & amp ; a tie last yr w/ gb in same sit
id1	id2	neutral	None	panthers wr benjamin may sit vs . packers . will that news effect the spread ? current line is green bay -7
id1	id2	positive	None	wonderful gesture carried out by the colombian star team and real madrid james rodriguez on friday ahead of the friendly match against blah .
id1	id2	positive	None	trial starts tomorrow . lets try to put the pressure on @USER and @USER to set free ghoncheh ghavami . #freeghoncheh
id1	id2	neutral	None	2 and half weeks for holiday , 3 weeks got stevens 30th and my mams party and then itll be time to put the tree up and get ready for xmas
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have had a few leeds united tickets returned which are available on a 1st come 1st served basis to supporters on the database #rufc
id1	id2	positive	None	now playing the debut album by @USER - its out on monday and the band play the horn on tuesday ! :-) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if i dont go to school tomorrow then its carters fault #turnupwithcarter
id1	id2	neutral	None	ruto becomes the 5th kenyan to take the presidents seat . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	alright that was the last one for tonight i promise ill do zayn and liam spams tomorrow . keep voting ! #emabiggestfans1d
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER can i please have a follow , i need someone to obsess with over ahs by wednesday
id1	id2	neutral	None	katy perry after she found out dr. luke is producing her new single/album for the 4th time URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jamie oliver & amp ; his mate are making bacon butties on tv tonight . all im saying is the horn . last saturday . job done URL
id1	id2	negative	None	people are making it seen like ashton has ebola like i understand appendicitis is bad but cmon guys calm down
id1	id2	neutral	None	kesha reminds me of 6th grade when all the little ratchets would tease their hair and wear neon colors lmao
id1	id2	positive	None	the interview in the wwat film may be my favorite ever , they were just so relaxed and themselves
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER boss confirming that vettel will be released on the 28th november , thus missing the two-day test on november 25th and 26th .
id1	id2	negative	None	i may like jimmy fallon better than anyone i know too . i still hate all of you .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have that resting bitch face that would make wednesday adams jealous ... just saying .
id1	id2	negative	None	advertising is getting so aggressive , just saw a billboard asking will you get hiv today ? will you get hiv tonight ? how about tomorrow ?
id1	id2	negative	None	i just sat here and watch @USER snap about kobe bryant im too done @USER should know better
id1	id2	neutral	None	a top bahraini human rights activist , nabeel rajab , was formally charged on thursday with insulting the defense ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	review : florida georgia line fun on 2nd album : tyler hubbard and brian kelly keep the mood fun and grooving , w ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER maybe that explains why the sun before the election yougov had co 48-47 obama and it turned out 51-46
id1	id2	negative	None	#elizabethpena dead at 55 . jan hooks at 57 . wtf !!! im getting old . stop it . : ahhh :: ahhh :: ahhh : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER look at the media coverage of #bahrain regimes arrest of nabeel rajab 1 oct 2014 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER niall here . i am in the office tomorrow from 13:00 - 20:30 . please let me know when is a suitable time to call .
id1	id2	positive	None	toyota was named the best automotive brand worldwide for the 11th straight year ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday ! get your dance moves ready for the weekend with brad pitt & amp ; jimmy fallons dance battle ! #marketing URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow ill be throwing myself around to black noise . come and do the same at the horn st. albans from 7:30 pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	#job #baltimore 2nd shift operations leader - baltimore pdc at toyota ( baltimore , md ): toyota ( nyse : tm ) , the w ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ppl always like omg i fucking hate tvd now but there they sit every thursday in front of their tvs 20 min before the episode starts
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER cowboys game was a mixture of us being out play called in the 2nd half and us thinking you can coast ... aka like on mnf vs sf
id1	id2	positive	None	blood moon returns early wednesday , and this time its bigger URL @USER fyi
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yup , saw it on bill maher documentary on crazy folk lol apparently their mock palm sunday festival is a big hit . #sarcasm
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER agreed . although it seemed like atleti was still hungover from the juve game . any chance of the azzurri game on saturday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	so tune in around 8pm pacific for more monster hunter 3 ultimate action with subs and mods & lt ;3 then monday - with viewers ! #menulive
id1	id2	neutral	None	dwayne allen destroyed brian cushing on the 1st down run . such a complete te . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my host moms company had a gala on monday and all of the jonas brothers were there ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	kentuckys stoops is wary of the tigers big-play potential . lsu is 12th in nation in plays of 20 yards or more : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	elton vale vs prestwich heys tomorrow . equipment prep it is then this evening .
id1	id2	positive	None	followed by friday up to redcar to watch sumer stroll who if it stays dry will have a belting chance to notch another win . ventura a danger
id1	id2	neutral	None	brian kelly doing a little dance on the sideline after fuller dropped 3rd down pass that wouldve been a big gain .
id1	id2	positive	None	ill gladly accept tickets to the colts game this sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	on october 17 , 1963 the #beatles recorded audio for the beatles christmas record . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	galatasaray led by 3 after the 1st quarter but has gotten smoked , getting outscored 27-10 through the 1st 10 minutes
id1	id2	positive	None	the weakened can never eliminate . forgiveness may be the attribute from the strong -- gandhi
id1	id2	positive	None	excited about going to ucla tomorrow ! bus leaves at 4:30 . bring $ for food . bring a sweatshirt .
id1	id2	neutral	None	crystal palace defender scott dann has been ruled out of saturdays premier league clash with chelsea . #cpfc URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos coming with me to msu swim meet tomorrow to see ben affleck
id1	id2	negative	None	it was unnecessary drama ; cord about uhuru hand over to ruto in parliamentary debate on uhuru address on oct 6
id1	id2	positive	None	look : move over blood moon , heres the pumpkin sun URL
id1	id2	positive	None	my view : sundays game going to be won in the trenches , especially #bills defensive v . vikings offensive lines . @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	proud ppts on the deferred #prep arm may be able to start taking truvada for the prevention of hiv within 4-8 weeks URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	guess im going to knotts scary farm on wednesday
id1	id2	positive	None	casillas : when ancelotti told me that i will play the cups , i thought it may be a very good year or a very bad year and it went well .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER very nice , check out the sights saturday ( or sneak to disney ... ) . have you booked hotel/train yet ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think modi government may have diplomatic issue in disclosing black money holders name but itll be great if he publicly clarifies on this
id1	id2	neutral	None	news alarm : matt adams ( 1b - stl ) matt adams went 1-for-3 with a home run , a walk , and an rbi on thursday in game 5 of the nlcs .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aw im so happy for you guys ! tell everyone i say hi ! ill be in hamilton monday night for the demi lovato concert !!
id1	id2	positive	None	that moment when #sfgiants buster posey celebrated his rbi single against the #stlcards -- game 5 tomorrow , 5:07 pm URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	coach brian kelly yelling hold the fucking ball after 4th quarter touchdown by folston #nd
id1	id2	negative	None	forgot it was thursday so i missed another episode of tvd ... i give up on life
id1	id2	negative	None	tell me the fir no . first ? @USER @USER delhi police under bjp may be wrong in this case
id1	id2	neutral	None	fri oct 17 , sonic highways is on hbo tonight , also new episode of girl meets world on disney
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER ohhh just realize something because of u .. my bday in on the 18th so thats means a supernatural episode for my bday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	fbi asks for the 4 and comedian jan hooks dies at white house with sex assault , hazing after plunging as exit polls place him for isis ta ...
id1	id2	negative	None	in retrospect , the prefunk nap and midnight red bull may have been a poor decision . #wired #preparefshiporludicrousspeed
id1	id2	neutral	None	always say were gonna stop . this friday night , do it all again . - katy perry
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey , you never know with these 2nd , 3rd round guys . look at russell wilson and kap .
id1	id2	positive	None	#mcfashion make your friday morning a happy one , watch as brad pitt breakdances with jimmy fallon : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	as the sun slowly sets here in dharamsala , so does kohlis dip in form along with it ... what a ton ... well played kohli #indvwi
id1	id2	positive	None	our friends @USER rugby team are back in richmond tonight playing @USER under friday night lights . good luck to both teams
id1	id2	neutral	None	sang one garth ... well its bulls and blood its dust and mud its the roar of a sunday crowd its the white in ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lovely- just received our complementary tickets to @USER game @USER v @USER tomorrow .. hoping for some goals . we go 0-3 chelsea
id1	id2	neutral	None	ron rivera says cam newton is playing the best football of his career . are the packers in trouble on sunday ?... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#wcw goes to the little 3rd grader i said thats better than christian ponder . lets name her christiana URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	khedira is currently out with a muscle injury , little space in this season in ancelottis team and might ask to go as early as january .
id1	id2	positive	None	nollywood rising with october 1 kunle afolayan is the most important ambassador the nigerian government does not ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	donny will be on bold and the beautiful oct 30th and 31st #bigbrother
id1	id2	positive	None	i am so excited for tomorrows gala its gonna be awesome like everyone are going to be dressed super chic i feel like an adult
id1	id2	negative	None	kyle will clown 2 qb systems for dayzz when byu does it for 2 games , but he may have backed himself into that corner #cawcaw
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for tomorrow at 9 pm ! chelsea v crystal palace ! hope the blues will win !
id1	id2	positive	None	i remember in 6th grade when i was in love with green day and my mama bought me like all their albums lol she was the real mvp
id1	id2	neutral	None	petr cech has been linked with a january move to atletico madrid : URL #cfc URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	convenient location to the georgia dome : this is our 2nd time staying at the omni at cnn and both times we wer ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	whos interested in joining younique but for whatever reason has decided they cant ? i may have a solution for you ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER quite a few popping up in usa , xmen director , the producer that raped kesha , r-kelly , the 7th heaven guy , thats all folks
id1	id2	neutral	None	have you seen @USER friday night lights ? our service powered all of the live-streaming updates . read more : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	now its the 4th time ive heard ew ! by jimmy fallon on itunes radio
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched catching fire again for the 13th time ! @USER ( jeffery wright ) @USER ( josh hutcherson ) , jennifer lawrence ...
id1	id2	positive	None	unusually its a friday sitting in parliament . @USER is bringing an eu referendum bill , im here to support ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday is brian kellys shot at immortality . is it game time yet ? #goirish
id1	id2	positive	None	am telin yo @USER kunle afolayan is under-rated aswear down ! october 1 is the movie to watch . #madeofblack
id1	id2	negative	None	my uan was created in jul14 & amp ; modi unveiled it yesterday ! he is just an attention seeker . fooling people by eating credits & amp ; pr activities
id1	id2	neutral	None	the federal executive council ( fec ) rose from its weekly meeting wednesday with the approval of n 1.1 billion for ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its october 3rd . ten years since mean girls . aaron samuels can still get it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the 6th inning felt like the tipping point for the series . cards can hit kershaw but not bumgardner .
id1	id2	positive	None	were in the , what , 5th week of the nfl season , and danny amendola and brian cushing are both healthy . this is weird .
id1	id2	positive	None	the royals have to sweep again , that way the celebration is on a saturday and not tuesday or wednesday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	equalizer , a place in the stars , october 1st .
id1	id2	positive	None	rick nash !! 5th goal for the new baby mclaren !! 1-0 #nyr
id1	id2	neutral	None	delhi police said that the fresh report submitted by aiims doctors .. more info - URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im in shock that tegan is going training tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	instead of being the goat who put in ventura in the 5th in wild card game yost gets the accolades from a clutch triple by hosmer #fortunate
id1	id2	positive	None	live as if you were to die tomorrow . learn as if you were to live forever . gandhi
id1	id2	positive	None	#noles in the nfl - thursday action review : stork inactive in patriots win URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to katy perry on the 8th ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	gonna be great seeing all the plastic chelsea fans coming out the woodwork around sth london when they play us tomorrow . #neverbeentoagame
id1	id2	neutral	None	a.j. klein grew up just a slant pattern away from lambeau field where he will play sunday vs the packers #cyclones URL
id1	id2	positive	None	you may not like his football , but christian ponder just did something really cool #lululemon
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im thinking the same thing . they may try it like they did ucla .
id1	id2	positive	None	carlo ancelotti : isco is a very important player . tomorrow , james rodriguez will start - he rested wednesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i notice niki lauda agrees with my claim that fernando alonso signed for mclaren honda last thursday . interesting
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow , i want everyone to tell me happy birthday lenny because im lenny kravitz
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lets play saturday . me you vs . meg and kyle
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looking forward to the colts game on sunday ! beat the bengals ! haha ! anyways , have a great day and ill tyyl ! :-)) xoxo
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER 2nd best in luck draft ? rg3 if u are talking as prospects and russell wilson if u talking about pro careers . lame
id1	id2	positive	None	selena gomez & amp ; kris jenner may have teamed up & amp ; weirdly , thats not the worst idea - URL #googlealerts
id1	id2	positive	None	british aaron rodgers may be the best celebrity lookalike out there . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	biologi mulai mengalami kematangan tgl 24 nov 1859 saat charles darwin mnerbtkn buku on the origin of species by means natural selection
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER similarity between #mohandas gandhi & amp ; #narendra modi : have you seen dandi march video clips ? both r working through @USER pace .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on injury report , brian cushing ( knee ) is listed as out for thursdays game against the colts .
id1	id2	positive	None	goal neymar ! 0-2 , reminds me of the game before between valencia & amp ; atleti just at the end of the 1st half ! #fcblive #rayfcb
id1	id2	positive	None	halloween treats & amp ; prizes from 27th october - 2nd november kids get free halloween nail art & amp ; sweet with every ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	okay time to attempt the zelda is 2nd dungeon square ! an a rank will net me a heart container for ruto .
id1	id2	positive	None	thank god im spending tomorrow night with tegan while all my rich friends have a crazy mental time in town without us
id1	id2	neutral	None	ucla football may move brett hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	oct 25 !! night of the living cover bands ! the coma recovery as depeche mode * cowboys and indian as motley crue * distances as garbage * ...
id1	id2	positive	None	literally love niki lauda and i dont know if i can call myself the 4th time world champion #f1 #skyf1
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER he was honest with welbeck he was our 4th choice striker neither one to blame its good for all he left
id1	id2	positive	None	being able to wake up before the sun rises and not depend on coffee is pretty convenient ... still gonna buy some joe tho lol
id1	id2	positive	None	on friday - indian media are feel that pm narendra modis labour reforms plan has make the india into a golbal manufactureing hub ---
id1	id2	positive	None	my friday night is consisting of watching jimmy fallon on youtube you could say i walk on the wild side
id1	id2	positive	None	i should see it @USER in october 1 , kunle afolayan delivered whats arguably the best film out of nollywood yet .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you are lovely too jessica ( mad ) but lovely . yeah snp missed a trick not showing the film to the nation on september 17th
id1	id2	negative	None	theyre not even arsenal fans ! theyre the galatasaray fans whove stayed behind after wednesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	im going to disney world october 17 if you wanna come on down come on down !
id1	id2	neutral	None	horner has revealed that the engine vettel used last time out in sochi , where he finished 8th , will soon need to be changed . #f1
id1	id2	positive	None	he could become the 3rd manager ever to win 3 european cups behind paisley and ancelotti and yet still be in his mid-40s .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my sun , jonathan major just called me from the georgia dome , the miles college band will be performing there ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	goshen defeats northwood 6-0 in boys soccer regional . the redskins will meet the penn- st. joe winner in the finale saturday at 1 p.m.
id1	id2	neutral	None	west indies players refused to play 4th odi before turning up : dharamsala : the financial dispute between the w ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	at target ... prince - 3rd eye girl and lenny kravitz ... i aways check out the cd section #realmusic URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the third leading receiver in the b1g didnt see much of the field on sat , and james franklin didnt really say why : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched finding your roots for the 1st time , a fascinating show on @USER and , apparently ben affleck & amp ; matt damon are distant cousins !
id1	id2	positive	None	ahead of the crunch match with rotherham tomorrow , check out my latest leeds united blog here URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	are england in the europa league ? thats the only explanation for playing on a thursday night ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ha , i guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder . im just happy its not vettels 5th consecutive championship #easilypleased
id1	id2	positive	None	royals win dad and i celebrate like the royals clinched a ws berth since we wont be there for game 4 . jguts might be ranked as the 5th best
id1	id2	neutral	None	so welbeck has gone down the tunnel with a possible injury ? can we extend the international break till dec 31st ? thanks ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	selena gomez & amp ; kris jenner may have teamed up & amp ; weirdly , thats not the ... - bustle URL #selenagomez
id1	id2	neutral	None	sbnationfantasy brady in the pouring rain tonight or russell wilson in the friendly ed jones dome sunday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	what if oakland beat the royals in the bot of the 12th ... it would have been a bay bridge series all over again . maybe a 7.2 earthquake too
id1	id2	neutral	None	atletico madrid keeping tabs on petr cech and are weighing up a january bid for the chelsea goalkeeper .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nia reportedly found material suggesting that an abandoned madrasa may have been used as a hub to make bombs exported to bangladesh .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th odi in dharamsalart why did they come ? #
id1	id2	positive	None	sitting on the deck watching the sun come up , and drinking coffee is an everyday must !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	james franklins ability to spread the #pennstate brand in washington , d.c. , was on full display monday afternoon . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	west indies to pull off from the india tour after the 4th odi in dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their board .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on october 22 @USER kelly hermann is hosting a fashion trunk show and wholesale shopping event with younique ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thats a good point . i didnt think about it . it sounded like tegan but i read iphone and i assumed it was sara . you may be right
id1	id2	neutral	None	for every ebola fearing westerner who is concerned about the ever present threat URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tickets will be sold at the dance tomorrow for current ahs students only . visitor tickets will already have to be bought and approved .
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss how to bake a man with @USER google hangout saturday , october 18th , 3:30 pm pst . URL @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	vikings make sure you wear red tomorrow to show your viking pride also at the game as well
id1	id2	positive	None	rodgers : if i wanted to go with the same team on sunday and wednesday i could do that . #lfc go with d same team
id1	id2	positive	None	if i could go back in time id definitely do it . id go back to thursday october 9 2014 at 6pm to put in arian foster in fantasy
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out the trip to knotts scary farm @USER on saturday , october 25th ! URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i like the way the ff have calmed down . at one time , there was more back slapping for no reason than arsenal when they finish 4th every year
id1	id2	neutral	None	pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday URL prime minister narendra modi will interact with th ...
id1	id2	negative	None	im nervous about a dns possibility for tomorrow . hip pain post half . 5k might not be wise to run right before disney trip . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	cali : what does 6 mean me : what is the date of independence day cali : when is independence day ? im gunna go look it up me : its july 4
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yesterday , october 11 made 3 months since i saw you in the wwat in spain and it was really nice see the film again
id1	id2	negative	None	funny how arsenal fans were all appalled by the galatasaray fans behaviour wednesday yet , today they did the exact same thing #arsenallogic
id1	id2	neutral	None	do i go to the colombia game on wednesday to see james rodriguez ... #nah #fuckzuniga
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks for the s/o ! be sure to check out our free pizza promotion tomorrow with a purchase of $25 or more ! see you soon - kyle
id1	id2	neutral	None	oct 15 : nia finds that the mud hut/madrassa at simulia ( burdwan ) has a secret tunnel under it which led to the nearby ponds . #burdwanterror
id1	id2	neutral	None	after band wednesday night me and kyle were playing soccer in heritage hall trying to kick it around the bandos
id1	id2	positive	None	terry vs elton over the missed fair catch signal saturday ... now that was funny
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i think it may have been subbed by bates . conor heffernan discusses the bizzare world of leeds united owner massimo cellini
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the big bang theory isnt funny . a lack of intelligence may be the problem #justsaying
id1	id2	positive	None	weve beaten kershaw , so why cant we beat madbum tmrw ? we win tomorrow , then just gotta win both at home . #havefaith #cardinalnation
id1	id2	positive	None	its not friday but time for a thank you card . thank you jimmy fallon , for the jokes about vermonts governor election @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	unlucky ! now , whats the word im looking for to describe chris maguire after this confession ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its amazing what you can achieve when you keep getting up ! perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . ~ julie andrews
id1	id2	negative	None	speaking to western media for 1st time , mother of ghoncheh ghavami tells @USER she too has gone on hunger strike URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER there was a particular scene where danladi sat in the bush with afolayans character . they just kept talking and talking .
id1	id2	positive	None	sangam university bhilwara salutes nobel laureates united nations international day of the girl child 11 oct 2014 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	god luck to jessica and randip both running the bupa #birmingham run this sunday and fundraising for @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER kyle if i see u tomorrow im gonna molest you
id1	id2	negative	None	wow . elizabeth pena and jan hooks in the same week . so sad . and both so young ... makes you think .
id1	id2	neutral	None	report about sunandas death inconclusive police : delhi police said friday the forensic evidence available abou ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just had a #dream repeated 3x : something screamed across the sky at impossible speed . 3rd time , a crowd + br copeland wz at white house .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy man : kunle afolayan says the response to october 1 has been very positive - ynaija URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow night is the halloween party for kisses for kyle !! i am so excited to have put this together for these ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if tonights yougov shows another tory lead then ed miliband is in big trouble #saveed would be 4th poll in last few days with a tory lead
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER doubt game be on saturday tbh ducks is one of the goal mouths
id1	id2	positive	None	question i want to be asking after saturday : is brian kelly just an incredible coach , or is everett golson is just an incredible winner ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER eh idk . guys like rodgers didnt even play til his 3rd or 4th season . sat behind veterans . its what the bills r doing with
id1	id2	negative	None	kobe bryant smiling as he re-enters the game with the lakers losing 91-63 in the 4th quarter . probably insanity settling in .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you arent already , subscribe to nashs youtube channel ! hes posting a new video with skylynn tomorrow ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	spx student body , if youd like to wear boots to school tomorrow , be sure to pay two dollars to your theology teacher .
id1	id2	positive	None	such a lovely table decoration for a special night !!! may you smell christmas ?? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	afcs top running backs to meet on monday night football - arian foster and leveon bell are the afcs top two rus ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #onlygoodsurprises i would love to see demi lovato in manchester on wednesday , the day after my 21 birthday !! the best present !
id1	id2	positive	None	i need to see the 2nd episode of ahs now
id1	id2	positive	None	kicking off this monday with a catering order for real time with bill maher ! check out our catering menu at ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	guys will think twice about bringing their familiesgiants owner said cowboys will get disease fir URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	it is a proven practice for rodgers which he will likely defend on friday when he faces the media for the first time
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tbt newtons 2nd career start came against green bay . where he broke records , and nearly clay matthews ankles ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at l &amp; #8217 ; arc . URL via @USER @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	im going to be soo tired when i wake up tomorrow and i have to be at school tomorrow early i want to kms
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER imagine how good a netflix with videos of alonso and pirlo passing would be . you may be on to something .
id1	id2	neutral	None	late upload from the bears game sunday @USER georgia dome URL
id1	id2	positive	None	now this is the comfortable alternative to a cocktail dress : happy glorious tuesday to everyone ! jennifer lawrence is back on the red ...
id1	id2	negative	None	tough loss , needed to get the series tied before bumgarner tomorrow . oh well , we beat kershaw twice and we werent supposed to do that ...
id1	id2	positive	None	happy thursday ! northshore toyota has tons of cars in stock with your name on them ! come on by ! #covingtonla #cardealership #toyotacars
id1	id2	positive	None	espn : it may not be the biggest squad in the last 10yrs but ancelotti is working for quality over quantity . everyone will get their chance .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey babe :) i watched wwa film last saturday and its amazing . you made me feel the same feelings i feel during the concert :) x
id1	id2	positive	None	so happy with saturdays result . 3 points against atleti , negredo not risked , now 2nd on the table . lovely .
id1	id2	neutral	None	only 10 seats remaining for nov 15 mother/son bulls game outing ! click here for tickets : URL dont miss it .
id1	id2	negative	None	american horror story marathon because im going to fail my test tomorrow :)
id1	id2	positive	None	rest in peace lee soo mans wife . my deep condolences , bereaved family it may be given consolation ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER to be fair , i * will * be seeing equalizer on sunday at the greatest place in texas
id1	id2	negative	None	i hate watching tvd from the middle . im gonna have see the episode tomorrow -.-
id1	id2	positive	None	ben affleck and henry cavill are in my city . sucks to know that im only the 3rd sexiest dude here for a day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	govt , rbi working on new policy framework : rajan : rbi governor raghuram rajan on thursday said the central ban ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well that timing would be perfect , now wouldnt it ? move over xmas , get into the swing of work starting feb .
id1	id2	negative	None	way to fix those problems james franklin ... not . you may be a good recruiter but you cant coach for shit .
id1	id2	positive	None	james rodriguez didnt score for colombia in their 3-0 win on friday night , but he did pull off one extremely ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im only looking forward to tomorrow when the last bell rings & amp ; i can go home & amp ; take like a 4 hour nap then watch yesterdays ahs .
id1	id2	neutral	None	video : james franklin postgame at michigan : video : head coach james franklin addresses the media following sat ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	theres something about friday night lights , you just get chills thinking about it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER might go as wednesday adams from the adams family film thing i already have the costume
id1	id2	neutral	None	selenas greatest hits album is set to come out november 24th and its called for you . then shes signed with interscope record ( finally ! )
id1	id2	neutral	None	keshas camp speaks out on dr. luke abuse allegations - following the news tuesday of keshas lawsuit against her ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER megatron listed as doubtful and is benched by lowe ! but arian foster scores big thursday night to give the pigeons a start !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	cycling mission with passion team #ride2light rahul kumawat etal at sangam university bhilwara 15 oct 2014 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	elizabeth pena dead at 55 . jan hooks at 57 . wtf !!! im getting old . stop it . : ahhh :: ahhh :: ahhh : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	check out the trailer for kunle afolayans october 1st : URL #nollywood
id1	id2	positive	None	party at kris jenners tomorrow !! bring your friends and your 25 cents to get it
id1	id2	positive	None	too excited to go to the redskins game sunday with @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	simmons ranking the celtics 27th makes sense if you assume theyll trade rondo ( which he does ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	very interesting video clip about the blood moon tetrad worth the time to watch : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	liam is inspiring when the moon sits in the sky liam is inspiring when the sun sits in the sky he is inspiring when they switch places too
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER arsenal v leeds united , 30 january 1982 . vaessen scored the winning goal 1-0 . URL URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i couldnt remember if the boys did cmon cmon on wwa tour then i remember shouting out the lyrics when people didnt know what song it was
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you cant make it into town tomorrow why not come and see us at white house farm farmers market in sprowston 9.30 -1 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#millwall fan groups campaign to end the voucher scheme for trip to leeds united in february - see tomorrows south london press
id1	id2	neutral	None	#indvswi the #wi team has pulled out of their tour of #ind and todays 4th odi in dharamsala will be their last game of the series #cricinfo
id1	id2	positive	None	hnng pokemon oras came out . i told michael to get it for me for christmas . i may save him the $30 and buy it sooner ;-;
id1	id2	neutral	None	emile garuba joins michaela and jerrilyn in-studio on the #entertainmentshow to review kunle afolayans latest film , october 1 .
id1	id2	positive	None	wait , a thursday night nfl game worth watching ... and then throw in the nlcs , wonderful .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if barcelona beat eibar tomorrow and messi plays it will be messis 300th win in a barca shirt #fcb URL
id1	id2	negative	None	URL only 55 . jan hooks at 57 . wtf !!! im getting old . stop it . : ahhh :: ahhh :: ahhh :
id1	id2	neutral	None	live cricket score , ind vs wi 4th odi : india dominate proceedings in dharamsala : dharamsala : in the fourth odi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	feed fournette and win @USER yall gonna like tomorrows game preview . except the part where lsu needs to run the ball
id1	id2	neutral	None	in the playoffs , there are no favourites . - @USER speaking on #gameon @USER ahead of tomorrows clash with the bulls !
id1	id2	positive	None	nollywood rising with october 1 : kunle afolayan is the most important ambassador the nigerian government does ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER got asiata @USER of wk2 , let him get two good games and sent him in a trade for a 15 2nd , same guy just offrd him bk for 3rd
id1	id2	neutral	None	when we watch frosty the snowman , he routes for the sun . - the big bang theory , leonard hofstadter
id1	id2	positive	None	the #sfgiants take a 6-4 lead over the #stlcards in the 6th on an rbi single by buster posey . #nlcsgame4
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i just want to change the first flight . from sydney to lax . theres one at 1140am on the 30th december .
id1	id2	positive	None	spur of the moment ... going to san diego for the #nfl game tonight ! psyched ! #nhl ducks game tomorrow ! great start to the weekend ! =)
id1	id2	negative	None	why oh why did i drink three cups of coffee to stay up binge watching gilmore girls when i have to be at the gym tomorrow at 10:30
id1	id2	positive	None	ghoncheh ghavamis day in court will take place on october 16th . lets hope she is freed soon URL #iran #humanrights
id1	id2	positive	None	the fia ran the race the right way - lauda URL niki lauda believes that without the benefit of hindsight , sundays j ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	katy perry -last friday night just came on the music video channel . is this a sign or something
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER shit , i just saw this , sorry man . i was at work all night and i gotta work all day tomorrow . you going to kyles tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER brian mcdermott say theres never a bad day when your in charge of leeds united on soccer sat ! #worstdayofmylife
id1	id2	negative	None	james franklin one ups mark dantonio in the bad play calling department by calling a fake punt on 4th and 11 #umvspsu
id1	id2	positive	None	first time going to disney world tomorrow . woop woop :)
id1	id2	positive	None	cowboys finna get the 2nd round pick back , bruce carter , josh brent , and anthony spencer slowly comin back , the best is yet to come
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have a chemistry midterm tomorrow so naturally i just watched four episodes of gilmore girls
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER could say moya did the same thing with worrying comment that atletis place is 3rd or 4th . i was displeased indeed
id1	id2	neutral	None	college night is tomorrow at icc ! come to the icc cougarplex to meet with reps from over 80 colleges in one ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i may agree with modi is communal politics men for this time
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER appreciate it ! one more for you if i may ; need to sit 1 : garcon , alfy , asiata , stacy
id1	id2	positive	None	it really makes a woman happy to have almost 400$ in her paycheck , meaning she can spend at least 500 in disney world . leaving tomorrow !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	can it just be next sunday so i can go to knotts scary farm with my boyfriend please
id1	id2	positive	None	so my dad is watching bill maher and the woman speaking has in my opinion to be the 1st woman president
id1	id2	neutral	None	alright #nflfantasy players , i need help this week ! start the red hot on fire tom brady for tonight ? or keep aaron rodgers in for sunday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	blood moon : blood moons : decoding the imminent heavenly signs : the sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon in URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER here is some ... & amp ; abc party is the 24th also . que party the 25th URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	elton on the radio ... how were the @USER gigs l.a. ? ive never seen elton and captain fantastic was my 1st lp . #wheniwasakid #music
id1	id2	neutral	None	eth hm asks delhi police to ensure swachh bharat drive : on october 2 , modi had paid a surprise visit to the ma ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	carlo ancelotti ( real madrid manager ): di marias wage demands were crazy and he only joined man united for the money . [ sun ]
id1	id2	negative	None	if you think the browns should or will trade manziel youre an idiot . aaron rodgers sat behind favre for multiple years .
id1	id2	negative	None	in the ultimate trap game , brian kelly did not get nd ready . down 14-0 in 1st ! season on the line here . a loss and no 4 game playoff !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i think that may be what keshas mother meant by she helped her
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER similarity between #mohandas gandhi & amp ; #narendra modi : have you seen dandi march video clips ? both r working through @USER pace .
id1	id2	positive	None	our @USER cuts through the coach-speak in brian kellys tuesday press conference . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER she must be talking about lee soo mans wife , she passed away on september 30
id1	id2	neutral	None	after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun URL via @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER donnys team is ass too , 3rd worst in the league
id1	id2	positive	None	im excited about @USER gala tomorrow night in la . please financially support @USER -they actually go & amp ; rescue children . #teamour
id1	id2	positive	None	game day baby ! i woke early thinking of friday night lights ! may you play as family for the glory of the lord ! #goba URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the packers game will be broadcast for the 5th time in our market and that makes me happy just so i can hear ha ha clinton-dix more
id1	id2	neutral	None	afcs top running backs to meet on monday night football : arian foster and leveon bell are the afcs top two ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	brian kelly is angry , finds a way to pull qbs head out of his hind end & amp ; the #irish march 88yds for 7
id1	id2	negative	None	you may be shocked to learn that kobe bryant does not agree with espn ranking him the nbas 40th best player . video : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	mannn some negative energy in sm ent . lee soo mans wife passed away , may she r.i.p.
id1	id2	negative	None	#texans linebacker brian cushing ( knee ) listed as out for #colts on thursday night football URL #nfl are you serious ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to disney world on october 3rd so if you wanna come on down , come on down .
id1	id2	neutral	None	and now buster posey drives in the 3rd run of the night with rbi single to score gregor blanco from 2nd and #sfgiants lead 6-4
id1	id2	positive	None	calling all colts fans !!! your sunday just got better ! colts game watch with yours truly this sunday @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	tip o the day on green day friday @USER give your old laptop a new life via globetops URL
id1	id2	negative	None	im not a sone . not a jessica biased . not a seohyun biased . but seeing seohyun cried during the 1st fanmeet w/o jessica makes me cry
id1	id2	negative	None	#bjpblackmoneydhokha chowkidar modi is sun cahoots with black money hoarders
id1	id2	negative	None	school on monday ! i dont want !!! :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	icc announces teams for wcl division 3 : dubai : the international cricket council ( icc ) thursday announced the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so what are all of you going to do without tvd until april 7th !
id1	id2	negative	None	bill maher is the perfect example of how gross and ignorant liberal idols may be
id1	id2	negative	None	asif i just got sacked by everton for coming 6th reaching fa cup final and winning the europa league #mad
id1	id2	neutral	None	should we say that ruto is now the 5th president of kenya ? yes or no
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER i think the big danger could come from barca . he may not want to play for real after playing for atletico .
id1	id2	negative	None	wow the 4th season of ahs is like not good
id1	id2	neutral	None	well its been 13 years since 9/11 , the day all our 1st responders rushed into action and got all the saudis out of the country bill maher
id1	id2	positive	None	blood moon returns early wednesday , and this time its bigger URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think the 2nd quarter passing will loosen things up for the run in second half . stoops gets conservative with the lead @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	62 platters to make for ben affleck tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	hey james franklin when i play madden and i get sacked on 3rd and have to punt i dont let the clock run down to call a timeout to punt
id1	id2	positive	None	happy to know that delhi police had found today the missing girl from india gate on 28 sept 2014
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi mate could i lend 65k to buy james rodriguez or 50k mate ill pay you back tomorrow asap like a legit person serious
id1	id2	positive	None	still have ancelottis autobiography as my all-time number 1 , followed by jonathan wilsons behind the iron curtain . pep book probably 3rd
id1	id2	positive	None	this friday gunna start my early christmas shopping so my son have everything he want come christmas morning
id1	id2	positive	None	spent the morning xmas fabric shopping , may have taken a detour via @USER xmas shop shhh x URL
id1	id2	positive	None	christian ponder would be proud of that 1st quarter passing outburst for the #vikings
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just tried it ! let me know if you got my message ! be on the lookout for mikasa on saturday ! :d
id1	id2	negative	None	still sad about jan hooks , but is it too soon to say that waitress sketch was terrible ?
id1	id2	positive	None	its friday so im washing my hair with loreal kids ( the red one ) and watching the katy perry movie #treatyoself
id1	id2	neutral	None	1992 the sports page , cowboys , the kingfish & amp ; the oaks everywhere to get to you , taurus may 4th fontenot love URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	selenas greatest hits album is set to come out november 24th , & amp ; its called for you it will include 2 new songs & amp ; 4 old songs shes done .
id1	id2	negative	None	im so bored and all i can think about is donny on loose women tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	bought le boyfriends 4th anniversary present , im now going to make hot chocolate then snuggle up with charles darwin . delightful .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday means #beardown @USER wireless club at the georgia dome URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER geno is a bottom 3rd qb in the nfl , they will not win with him . they have a good defense , a good back and decent weapons .
id1	id2	positive	None	seahawks are 31st in passing avging 182.2 per game but remember russell wilson is the best qb in the league if you listen to any analyst .
id1	id2	positive	None	jimmy g buckets gets buckets !!! bulls down 20pts in 4th , jimmy with 20pts in the 4th #clutch
id1	id2	positive	None	football giants leeds united take on rotherham this friday at 7:30 , be sure to be here to watch it . no doubt it will be a classic . #lufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	come and visit before the redskins and ravens play . open house on sunday from 12-3 !! 9028 early april way ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the 2nd season of arrow is on netflix now though ! time to binge watch it .
id1	id2	positive	None	xmas has come early @USER q50 se now available with free sat nav , free 18 wheel upgrade and free servicing . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	stoops said towles did some good things saturday , took care of the ball better than the previous weeks .
id1	id2	positive	None	#friday #goodmorning #weekendishere what nfl game do you dream of attending this season ? make it a reality ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i might go to the redskins game sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 18th birthday to my boy kyle !! very proud of him ! i would definitely rate him in the top 4 of all my kids ! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	so , hastings entertainment is playing the entire new lenny kravitz album . i may take my time at this place . #heckyea
id1	id2	positive	None	thats game . falcons fall to hogan 55-21 . see you at homecoming next saturday at the horn , 1:00 .
id1	id2	negative	None	jenson button may be worrying about keeping his number one place in the mclaren team - URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember that time that mellie had americas baby 2nd season ? why isnt there a toddler running around the white house ? #scandal
id1	id2	positive	None	leo eyes record , barca seek boost : in the week that he marked the 10th anniversary of his competitive debut fo ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	manchester united want to sign aston villa duo fabian delph & amp ; ron vlaar when the transfer window opens in january .
id1	id2	negative	None	three hours of sleep would be a lot worse if it was monday . its a sugar free red bull breakfast morning . #tgif
id1	id2	negative	None	not really feeling this new season of american horror story . 1st 2 season were legit , it went downhill after that .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im glad ~ smiles gently ~ you might slap me , but after seeing you im much better , mikasa . may i accompany you ?
id1	id2	negative	None	sept 12 ( reuters ) - jpmorgan chase & amp ; co said it had not seen any unusual customer fraud related to a recent cyber attack on the bank
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone can ask kyle how hard we r going tomorrow ! we r gonna take a school blackout pic !
id1	id2	neutral	None	kesha is a survivor . shes been through so much . this court case may be the one thing holding her from freedom . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	stoops admits he wouldnt believe theyd be 2nd in the country in interceptions . i gotta be honest there .
id1	id2	negative	None	february 8th : cleveland 147 , los angeles lakers 79 . kobe bryant looked angry a lot in this game and byron scott started weeping in the third
id1	id2	positive	None	about to watch american horror story for the 1st time , really hoping its worth it considering how hyped everyone is about it .
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to the leeds united game tomorrow on sky sports at 7:30
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tomorrow comes out the first part of my kobe bryant highlights mix
id1	id2	positive	None	my obsession with american horror story is real , i may be in love with tate .
id1	id2	positive	None	kyle is going out for the first time tomorrow night , so proud lol
id1	id2	positive	None	uhuru just got the blessing of obama , african dictators and icc sympathizers after that hague trip . 2nd term confirmed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER asiata may have a tough time against det run d but id still lean him if i was playing it safe .
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont remember seeing all you cowboys fans in august ... just sayin
id1	id2	positive	None	had a dream last night that ej started sunday against the vikings and threw for over 400 yards and 5 tds ... a man can dream right ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	brian kelly said he wanted to play torii hunter more on saturday , but it was hard to take will fuller out of the game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey matt my buddy got me a ticket for this sundays game against the vikings . any chance youre going and we could meet ?
id1	id2	positive	None	my #fridayreads is friday night lights by h.g. bissinger . the true life book that launched the amazing television show .
id1	id2	positive	None	i just finished watching the movie october 1st , a kunkle afolayans movie fanstatic performances by veterans ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	on tuesday we are playing in st. albans at a cheeky little venue called the horn . if youre local then come out and support new noise x
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if kobe bryant gets 22ppg this season hell be 3rd all time scoring by christmas
id1	id2	positive	None	xtina and katy perry nominated for best albums of the year will they beat lady gaga once again ? lets find out in february !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER going to see equalizer tomorrow in the movie theatre . did you enjoy it ?
id1	id2	positive	None	for a 5th time this season , ashley nelson is the #macjc goalkeeper of the week ! posted a 9th shutout vs icc last wk . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	niki lauda became a formula 1 world champion for the 4th time yesterday as the leader of the mercedes amg f1 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	last xplorer of the year takes place tomorrow at three sisters park , ashton . find us next to the play area 11am - 1pm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday final ratings : the voice & amp ; dancing with the stars adjusted up ; the big bang theory & amp ; castle adjusted down ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ohhh shit sir !! just fired up blade ii for the 1st time in awhile and was just like damn , thats norman reedus !! boss ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	how to get over a breakup : watch gilmore girls . after lorelais 2nd or 3rd breakup , youre good to go . #breakupcure #gilmoregirlsonnetflix
id1	id2	neutral	None	just realised ... trip simmons skye may and coulson woulda made more girls than boys ... then they got rid of jemma , brought fitz back and
id1	id2	positive	None	the big showdown nov 10 :-) are you guys coming to vancouver for the ducks game ? @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER it may have not been the best idea to name our mascot the beaver ... still better than ducks
id1	id2	positive	None	i miss the 1st season of ahs
id1	id2	neutral	None	upcoming event : bca supercars 2014 . featuring the premium brand such as mclaren , aston martin , lamborghini , etc . 25 - 26 oct 2014 @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	its friday , friday gotta get down on friday everybodys lookin forward to the weekend , weekend - . rebecca black
id1	id2	neutral	None	this will be me when nashs new video with skylynn its up tomorrow URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss our reader offer to see the who at the nia in tomorrows @USER @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	james franklin spent part of his day attending paren t-t eacher conferences for his two daughters . out recruiting tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow the vols take on ( 3 ) ole miss in oxford ! well sit down with #vfl robert peace to discuss the matchup ! well see you at 7am !
id1	id2	positive	None	diego alves mightve won the game for valencia by saving siqueiras penalty . it wouldve made a big positive impact for atleti in 2nd half .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hahaha yeah ! disney ! i said that :-) anyway at-least i got you a friday laughter ?? good to know :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	#packers getting set to host the #panthers sunday afternoon . @USER field in green bay , wi ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER this is yougov tomorrow they could have the libdems on 41% ... but seeing the right weep into their horlicks makes me smile :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ peter sat up and jumped out of the toyota , meeting @USER at the entrance . ]
id1	id2	positive	None	want to support a great organization ? come to picture the homelesss 15th anniv gala on oct 23 . see you there ! URL @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER for all of the moronic pats tweets , calling rex the best def hc in nfl is the worst of em . 3rd and 22 ( among many examples )
id1	id2	positive	None	just means two of atleti , real or barca will be in pot two along with 2nd and 3rd from the prem league . groups still tough for some #uefa
id1	id2	negative	None	funny cause the arsenal fans booed the galatasaray end on wednesday for letting off flares . now theyve done it in the concourse .
id1	id2	positive	None	chris hemsworth at lax , october 15 in my house ??? on this day ???
id1	id2	positive	None	modis speech in the us may be a good medicine for cms too , even if they are from rival parties-capt . gopinath URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	let loose with selfie this tuesday at 8|7c on abc ! URL #englishtvshow #englishtvseries #hollywoodtvseries #trending
id1	id2	positive	None	some halloween makeup i did this morning . can you guess what character ? happy friday yall ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	for the 1st time @USER spoke sense on the @USER show to @USER ... narendra modi kabhi bhoolte nahi hai :) :) :)
id1	id2	negative	None	weekly trendlines in ftse and dax are broken . spx still 50 handles to go test it . just saying . selling may not be done yet .
id1	id2	positive	None	october 1 , well directed , superbly short , excellent costuming , good acting , edge of the seat plot ... a must see . big kudos to kunle afolayan
id1	id2	positive	None	lucas-palooza ! germans to get 24/7 star wars channel for xmas . i may never leave the house ... #starwars URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if the vols step up to the challenge of ole miss , dont expect the vols to go down without a 4th quarter dogfight
id1	id2	positive	None	stoops says he appreciates uk allowing football program to host a thursday night game next season against auburn .
id1	id2	negative	None	tonight may be the night when i finally expose myself to the gilmore girls hysteria
id1	id2	negative	None	school just isnt happening tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	* cue rebecca black voice * its friday , friday gotta get down on friday !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	the 1st time i saw them live & amp ; started crying & amp ; wouldnt stfu about how niall had balloons #wwat #millionmemories URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its weird that russell wilson and i have the same birthrate november 29 . same height 511 . same weight 205 lbs . what a coincidence lol
id1	id2	positive	None	so i didnt tweet about it yet but i went to go so the wwa concert movie on sunday with my mom bc my friends were all working hahaha
id1	id2	negative	None	adryan looked tired in the 2nd half of the u21 game against donny to me he doesnt look/sound fit enough #lufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	& gt ; keshas camp speaks out on dr. luke abuse allegations following the news tuesday of keshas lawsuit against ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the day after newark ill be able to say i met demi lovato yesterday and im meeting demi lovato tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	ancelotti may want 2 consider keeping it schtum about di maria after spending more 2 replace him with a vastly inferior model .. pun intended
id1	id2	neutral	None	vikings vs . redskins ! feel the intensity in person ! sunday , nov . 2nd ! sign up by oct 24th at uni . rec in hilltop ! only $85 !! sign up today !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER obama postpones political trip on wednesday to convene white house meeting about ebola outbreak : white house ( na serious mata o )
id1	id2	positive	None	blow by kesha is the only song acceptable to listen to at school tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	carlo ancelottis 5 january targets to make his side even more stronger/unstoppable ! see : URL . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	university of western australia fear that the recent illegal action tests of icc may be based on unreliable evidence .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER love blue friday ! love that dress ! love the weather forecast ! go colts !
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have had a few home leeds united tickets returned which are available on a 1st come 1st served basis to supporters on the database #rufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	( via @USER alessio cerci thought hed scored for atleti , ref deemed handball , 2nd yellow , off . harsh . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good night everyone tomorrow the 5sos fam bandanas and red xs on your hands for ashton #ashtonweloveyou #5sosfamilyishereforyouashton
id1	id2	positive	None	that james rodriguez goal just now may be the nicest goal red bull arena has ever witnessed . what a talent .
id1	id2	positive	None	go all wednesday adams on us with our gorgeous scalloped collar URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i may or may not have been watching gilmore girls for the past 3 hours . i may also have burnt all the water out of my pot of carrots . #ooops
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER when i go to the store ill take one w . a mask xd get money so we can go to knotts saturday !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	local concert promoters c3 presents may be sold . could this be the last truly austin city limits festival ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	definitely going to go see annabelle tomorrow night by myself , in brenham , idc .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow im going to have my class discuss heroism , and im using mikasa from attack on titan as an example . :3 #otaku
id1	id2	positive	None	a few cinemas will be showing the wwa concert film again on friday 17th so if you havent seen it yet go
id1	id2	neutral	None	cech set to leave in january : atletico madrid has joined roma and real madrid in the race to sig ... URL #transfernews
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER you only have 1 more title then us ... and you play in the 2nd worst conference in cfb
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER people just laughed at me at wwa but i was going mental because i was like 3rd row and harry threw water on me fuck
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going to knotts scary farm saturday and can i come
id1	id2	positive	None	3rd ha t-t rick in 4 games for ronaldo . outrageous . madrid imperious again tonight . bale , james , benzema , modric , kroos , isco . class overload .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER man friday of modi is credited with the success . but modi galvanised the cadre through his rallies . he caught peoples emagination
id1	id2	neutral	None	the #spx had to close below 1846 for the 125 day mav to turn down . the uptrend survives . tomorrow spx will have to rise to prevent neg mav
id1	id2	positive	None	world series tuesday . i like the giants but im rollin with the royals in 6 . #cinderella
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER headlines the @USER pro combine oct 25th & amp ; 26th in ventura . sign up today ! @USER @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if i have the belief that i can do it , i shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if i may not have it at the beginning . - gandhi
id1	id2	negative	None	yeah , christian ponder may be a great guy , but he is a complete dumpster fire behind center .
id1	id2	positive	None	i strive to be like wednesday adams every day .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im going to disney world on october 3rd ! if you wanna come on down , come on down !
id1	id2	positive	None	stetson allie hit safely for the 5th straight game to start his mexican campaign . double and an rbi yesterday for mazatlan .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gigaom search facebook may have solved mobile , but google is still struggling with it URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is new 3ds + monster hunter 4g . it shall be a grand day . a grand day i say .
id1	id2	neutral	None	alonso may also consider a year in the #fiawec whilst he waits for his favoured option of driving for mercedes URL
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . -- julie andrews
id1	id2	positive	None	swachh bharat : cmon , its time to come clean - writes @USER URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER whats with euro soccer leagues having europa league for 2nd-tier teams ? and domestic cups ? all sports have quirks .
id1	id2	neutral	None	what made aaron rodgers so good in the final moments during sundays win vs . mia ... - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	whos ready to rise up with jett and i this sunday ? #riseup @USER falcons at georgia dome URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi just wondering do you know when the nov 14 issue of mens journal with jimmy fallon on the cover will be available thanks
id1	id2	neutral	None	gbp js blog : packers te richard rodgers will do some catching up with his dad sunday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	but all seriousness i never played monster hunter should i get it the 4th one ?
id1	id2	positive	None	rip mr. lee soo mans wife . may she blessed and gone in peace
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER trick or treat : wants georgia voters to forget shes a democrat and sam nunns daughter until after halloween , oops nov 4
id1	id2	neutral	None	it still hasnt hit me yet that im going to see demi lovato on monday ,
id1	id2	neutral	None	niki lauda just confirmed to sky that alonso was released of contact on thursday night URL
id1	id2	positive	None	toyota hybrids alias heavy demand credits-grease the palm in front of january 1st : mekupvjcm
id1	id2	positive	None	daily thought perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . julie andrews
id1	id2	positive	None	if i went to the kyle show tomorrow for my bday that would haven been like amazing dude
id1	id2	positive	None	watching fabian delph gives us hope that we may still one day be called up to play for england . even though we have not played for 5 years ..
id1	id2	positive	None	people said i was dumb for picking arian foster with my first pick .. which was the 11th pick . hes the 5th best rb so far
id1	id2	neutral	None	cardinals wainwright tried to mimic kershaws mechanics . realized that after he tried dragging out his delivery leg kick . in wain of the 7th
id1	id2	positive	None	simmons with a 67-yard td run makes it 59-31 eagles !!! his 7th of the game !
id1	id2	neutral	None	in europa league he would play thursday then sunday , isnt this the same ? #sterling
id1	id2	positive	None	yaaay the new season on the big bang theory starts on the 23rd of october //
id1	id2	positive	None	so basically benzema snubbed #mufc & amp ; finished 2nd in the #epl to ancelottis #cfc , who also won the #facup ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	soo pissed had a crazy day at work and i totally forgot its october 3rd fucking aaron samuels !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER in october 1 , kunle afolayan delivered whats arguably the best film out of nollywood yet . am telling u ... no doubt
id1	id2	positive	None	friends is gonna be on netflix in january , youre welcome
id1	id2	neutral	None	spx was in a 35pt range for about a month in aug/sept . 35pt range also in the last few hours .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #doglover friday . my gdaughters , jessica and katie , with denzel and daisy . love them to bits x URL
id1	id2	positive	None	brilliant brilliant brilliant . wondering what to do for halloween ? lensa nails it . friday night URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i completely agree . it sucks how it worked out but flash back to the 7th innings vs kershaw when you over use a pitcher .
id1	id2	negative	None	i think i may be the only person that thinks ahs is actually awful ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER look at the media coverage of #bahrain regimes arrest of nabeel rajab 1 oct 2014 URL #100tweets4nabeel
id1	id2	positive	None	we always mess up when we get the chance to go up the table when atleti or barca mess up . please win tomorrow :) @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	news alarm : michael morse ( lf - sf ) michael morse went 1-for-1 with a home run and an rbi during game 5 of the nlcs on thursday .
id1	id2	negative	None	dodgers fans are annoying . kershaw may even win the mvp but when is his next start ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	david coulthard says fernando alonso may have lost some leverage in negotiations with mclaren , adding that merc ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to @USER at us bank arena in cincinnati , oh - oct 9 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jenson button may be at top of motorsport , but he is affected by career uncertainty at mclaren URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER cowboys fans . we need to temper our expectations going into this sundays game against the giants ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday : prime minister narendra modi will interact with ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow is another big day for icc . the appeals chamber will rule on whether the trial judges were right to compel witness against ruto .
id1	id2	positive	None	james franklin just took a to on 4th and 32 to take a safety down 3 . i dont have the words . #geniuscoach
id1	id2	neutral	None	finally the term of ruto as president ends tomorrow , dont worry @USER you were not elected but selected
id1	id2	neutral	None	should have stuck with my gut & amp ; sat asiata . thus concludes my weekly tweet about matthew asiata .
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow in marca : headline arbeloa doesnt want ancelotti to coach him URL
id1	id2	positive	None	whatever else may go on there , to a number of people , the white house is still a home ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	delhi police says report about sunanda pushkars death inconclusive : delhi police said friday the forensic evi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good afternoon ! lets make friends with coffee after this tiring friday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER ha ! probably google . get some pro ones done for the next time ! off to @USER tomorrow ! cant wait
id1	id2	negative	None	seriously not putting up with nicoles shit tomorrow cause all this work made me miss vampire diaries tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	chris maguire speaks candidly about his performances this season . #swfc @USER @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hbo comedian bill maher made the case tuesday night for ousting 2nd district republican rep. john kline URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	go all wednesday adams on us with our gorgeous scalloped collar URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fabian delph may miss englands next games amid fears he may have a serious shoulder injury - URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ july 23 ] new photo of selena attending the leonardo dicaprio foundation inaugurational gala in sain t-t ropez , france . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes ! i love that brand . i have a mikasa one and a levi one coming . i dont have the bb ones yet though . i may get them .
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont think cole and kyle understand the part of living in an apartment and being obnoxiously loud on a thursday at midnight . holy shit
id1	id2	positive	None	world series tuesday . i like the giants but im rollin with the royals in 6 . #cinderella team
id1	id2	positive	None	cody riggs preparing for 5th career game vs . #fsu . he said he isnt scared , brian kelly says in a long-winded anecdote . #notredame .
id1	id2	positive	None	according to yougov , ukip are 2nd-most popular party in the c2de social grade bracket URL ( lab 36% , ukip 25% , con 24%)
id1	id2	negative	None	ok ... james franklin may not be a good coach in the big10 ... constant questionable calls .. and management issues
id1	id2	neutral	None	could the u.s. have done more to contain the ebola virus ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER so annoying & gt ; . & lt ; may read the birth of levi only a lvl 97 boss though as mikasa is 98 boss and your like 99 boss ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	the wildcats host hart county at home , and its senior night tonight . those friday night lights will be bright . #weareec
id1	id2	positive	None	brian kelly just told north carolina my team is stronger than your team with that qb sneak on 4th and 1 #ndfb #ndvsunc
id1	id2	neutral	None	finally going to get my haircut tomorrow , gonna go with the brian cushing look lol .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if barcelona beat eibar tomorrow and messi plays it will be messis 300th win in a barca shirt . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	stoops got the record 10th win against saxet !
id1	id2	neutral	None	your sunday read . mt @USER @USER on why bill maher isnt the only one who misunderstands religion . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	us expands ebola screenings at airports an official of the white house said on friday in washington that five in ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this sunday nfl playoffs come and watch your favorite nfl teams on 1 of our many hd flat screen tvs inside the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	gonna watch annabelle tomorrow with these awesome people @USER @USER @USER cant wait to scream my lungs out !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	the fantasy world of yougov and their weightings . check the raw ( unweighted ) figures . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking for 3 people to join my younique team by oct 31st . just a few requirements : 1 . must love make up 2 . must ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to kicking off the weekend with a taste of nia in chester-le-street tomorrow at 6 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	jets over spent on decker and sat back like he was aaron rodgers
id1	id2	positive	None	jan hooks : designing women s1 : the mark of a great sitcom is whether the jokes and tone stand up to time , despite any URL
id1	id2	positive	None	fav . and i might bring you a red bull tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	state has the week off , but ole miss may have a hard-fought game coming with the volunteers . dixon has the rundown : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	griswold reels off 7 straight to go up 17-16 on tri-center in 3rd set . mclaren has 6 more kills in the frame and owns 19 total so far .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tbh , i was eating and forgot about tvd and i have ocd when it comes to missing the first part of the show ... so ... i will wait till tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this saturday ... i am there with younique .. and also .. allthe rayge .. enter in to win the raffle to win a free ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER that clown in american horror story may be the creepiest character in the history of tv
id1	id2	neutral	None	similar situation happened in the dolphins game where they ran on 3rd down to run clock .. difference is jets dont have aaron rodgers
id1	id2	negative	None	now they playin this dumb ass friday song by rebecca black on the intercoms
id1	id2	neutral	None	norman reedus is there going to be a 6th season of the walking dead
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i hope youre referring to the ole miss game . play bama on the 4th saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	west indies pull off from the india tour after the 4th odi in dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their board .
id1	id2	negative	None	6th floor . david mack assaults jennifer lawrence with a hemorrhoid . amitabh bachchan mows lisa kudrow all the while .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ancelotti : i always use isco , but tomorrow james will begin the match because he was in the bench in wednesdays match
id1	id2	neutral	None	right now gabby you remind me of wednesday adams from the adams family @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	my little brother just told me that theyre watching annabelle tomorrow but i told him that i already watched it
id1	id2	neutral	None	#ff @USER for securing the historic vote in parliament on monday to recognise palestine .
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning edmonton ! its friday !! we hope you have an amazing day . this is what you have to look forward too #yeg URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER thanks for the #bbn love today . make sure you watch us scare lsu on saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ancelotti has declared james , ronaldo , bale and benzema as his quartet vs . #barcelona on the 25th URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	us expands ebola screenings at airports : an official of the white house said on friday in washi ... URL #bennycapricon
id1	id2	neutral	None	movie star ben affleck adresses michigan state football team at spartans thursday practice : parts of the mich ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at larc . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you have gotten all the skulltullas in hw do you know the location of the 2nd one in rutos 3rd lv weapon ? where it spawns ?
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday and dont forget about the abcs of yoga workshop tomorrow from 1-3 p.m. beginners will learn ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER wed nite salutes industry employees , thanks laxalways appreciate when those who make our biz tick are thanked
id1	id2	neutral	None	green bay packers : five keys to defeating the panthers in week seven : aaron rodgers on sunday , ... URL #nfl #packers
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is the news about netflix and kunle afolayans october 1 true ? wooaaah did dey say netflix bought it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	why sami khedira is the piece ac milan are missing - carlo ancelotti may not be coaching ac milan anymore , but he ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tomorrow then announces that alonso is going to ferrari and vettel signing ? greetings .
id1	id2	positive	None	its friday that means friday night lights good luck at all the football teams out there tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	kunle afolayan did a good job with october 1st
id1	id2	neutral	None	where do you think @USER will end up come january/summer transfer window ? my guess ; atletico madrid .
id1	id2	positive	None	bill maher may be a little out there , but he does make some points .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a reminder that while christian ponder may be a terrible nfl qb , hes a terrific community member --- URL
id1	id2	negative	None	it may be because its really late or because ive watched 40+ hours of gilmore girls , but i just cried way too much when rory graduated ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tmz reporting live how do you feel about kris jenner attending the hs homecoming game tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 3 tickets all seated together on the halfway line for arsenal v hull tomorrow please dm me
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi craig , we run an nfl sunday quickie which covers just the nfl games on a sunday . its open on the site now !
id1	id2	positive	None	counter-attack and ucla reclaims the lead . its 2-1 in the 25th minute . goals galore so far .
id1	id2	neutral	None	there have been zero cases of ebola in the whole of nigeria for well over a month yet someone died of ebola last friday in texas
id1	id2	positive	None	christian ponder may be a third-string quarterback , but he will always be a winner for wifing up samantha .
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out the miche and younique display at elmsdale district school on oct 18 from 9-2 #miche #younique #3dmascara
id1	id2	positive	None	movie review : october 1 is a shining example of #nollywood rising kunle afolayan is the most important ambassad ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	friday got sweeter with baby liam at 6 weeks old ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	32 year old man rapes and infects two kids with hiv : a 32-year-old man , mr. terkura iorpuu , was on thursday ar ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dear tl , does anyone have any ziall fic recs for my dear @USER she went with me to see wwa and i think she may be hooked ??? *\o/*
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im taking my uncle to lax tomorrow and cant decide if i want to go there or dunkin donuts after i trip him off lol .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonights yougov poll is the first since last wednesday to show a labour lead .
id1	id2	neutral	None	how long does it take for videos to be posted on URL may have to watch tomorrows arsenal on it .
id1	id2	positive	None	i want a fansign from twee , june , mikasa and jen o3o
id1	id2	neutral	None	wanted to go see joey perform tonight but then again i might just go on sat cuz i remembered ventura shows are weak compared to la/oc shows
id1	id2	neutral	None	stanford will play at san diego state on november 1st . saint marys goes to arizona on the 2nd . ucla hosts unlv on the 8th .
id1	id2	positive	None	carlo ancelotti : levante are a strong team . we must be the best real madrid team we can be to win tomorrow . #halamadrid
id1	id2	negative	None	for the 2nd straight week , the worst start of the week goes to @USER after starting russell wilson ( 10 pts ) over phillip rivers ( 25 pts )
id1	id2	positive	None	i may snuggle up with a stuffed animal at night , but it widely excepted that im funnier that bill maher . secret genius !
id1	id2	neutral	None	not a lot has changed ... im sat with coffee right now lol URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tell me about it ! can wr schedule a lunch date with @USER and kyle for monday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what are the odds that arian foster gets over 100 yards monday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER you remember cescboy saying for the 1st time in 8months he played 90mins with no strain at chelsea ! compare notes
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah the lady teaching the class said oyster stamps were the best place for them . might wait til ive been to donny on sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i may give the panthers too much credit , but i think theyll beat green bay . the dolphins ? who knows ? will beat chicago .
id1	id2	positive	None	man , october 1st is a fantastic movie . kunle afolayan , you are one helluva director .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the first scupad meeting of enthusiastic planners took place at the schloss in 65 , so they may have met julie andrews :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	a statement carnival cruise made about the ebola scare . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	kunle afolayan at his very best with october 1 ... just saw this best ever 9ja movie with @USER ... awesome awesome movie right there .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER still havnt got my 6months netflix subscription from the 28th of august ...
id1	id2	positive	None	things you may not if known : you can get a tour inside of the white house and the tardis
id1	id2	neutral	None	pre pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday prime minister narendra modi will interact with URL suf
id1	id2	positive	None	to lee soo man , our deepest sympathy goes out to you & amp ; your family as you struggle through the grief and sadness . may ur wife rest in peace
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER valencia passed their 1st big test of the season against atleti . based on that can you see them
id1	id2	neutral	None	fec holds valedictory session for maku , 6 other ministers : the federal executive council ( fec ) on wednesday he ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	what was the running bet ? i would get a tramp stamp of stoops face if we won saturday ??? yall would each give me a grand if we lost .,.
id1	id2	negative	None	ancelotti varane and benzema have both woken with fever . i dont think either will play tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #askmnw are you proud to be apart of #agentsofshield /marvels amazing female leads ( may , skye , simmons , hill , hand , romanoff , ladysif )
id1	id2	neutral	None	check me out on dancing with the stars monday nights at 8pm on abc . see my new music video : URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	all im looking forward to tomorrow is real time with bill maher .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the pdf of the forward press magazine issue that delhi police illegally confiscated : URL read it , share it , save it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER no its a redskins game dec 20th . but i wanna go to the redskin and cowboys game too
id1	id2	neutral	None	a guy in canada bought a cup of coffee at mcdonalds on monday . after he got to work , he took the lid off to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wayne state @USER takes on augustana college on saturday at 1pm . the wildcats ( 4-2 ) have won 4 straight against the vikings . #nsic
id1	id2	neutral	None	updates to the horn matters web site : regular visitors may have noticed some changes here at horn ... URL #frenchhorn
id1	id2	negative	None	aston villa fear fabian delph facing long layoff with shoulder injury : having been ruled out of saturdays tri ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#gamlingay folks - saturday is gamlingay green day ! see you all there from 10am : URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	shouldve bought the pink minnie mouse ears when we went to disney world . they wouldve been perfect for tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER experience the magic of xmas simply by popping into the range any time after late august bank holiday .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER u turn/hypocrisy whatever #aaptards may say modi govt close to getting what we want from the swiss .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hm asks delhi police to ensure swachh bharat drive : on october 2 , modi had paid a surprise visit to the ma URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i cant sleep im too worried about ashton and i have school tomorrow but fuck school i care more about the person who really saved me
id1	id2	positive	None	nice to welbeck score his 8th goal in 10 games , the thinking play of lallana & amp ; oxlade chamberlain bringing some proper skill onto the pitch
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer lawrence at the lax airport on tuesday evening ( october 14 ) in los angeles . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday night lights at gca ! gca vs . fca , tonight at 7:00 pm , home come out and fill the hill with red ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i couldnt go watch the wwa film cause the 11th was my birthday and im sad because of this .
id1	id2	neutral	None	next : latest on the 2nd nurse to test positive for ebola , aaron rodgers meets his look-alike , & amp ; @USER with your forecast .
id1	id2	positive	None	so i just won suite level tickets to the ducks game next friday . i guess one can win these things sometimes . #ducks #hockey
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER theres also a good chance we see ventura relieve in the 5th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	our coverage of the tennessee and ole miss game starts at 3:30 tomorrow afternoon with the tennessee tailgate show , featuring @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for @USER video tomorrow with skylynn because videos with her are always the best ! shes so adorrbbs !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i know ! so sad . why are the good ones dying ? i mean , why cant we trade victoria jackson for jan hooks ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	kris jenner steps out with north west and penelope disick : kris jenner may be in the process of separating fro ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	woo hoo ! its friday !! stephen colbert sings friday with jimmy fallon and the roots ( late night ... : URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi guys , wwat in madrid 10th of july was the best day of my life i wanna other day how this please come back to spain &lt; 3
id1	id2	neutral	None	yougov tonight shows 2% labour lead . so headlines tomorrow -crisis for cameron as labour pulls ahead or perhaps not .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow an hour from now chelsea look to further their impressive start . will they do it ? #cfc #cpfc URL
id1	id2	positive	None	abcs #tgit may simply be the best night of the week from great casting to stories to performances to the music tying it all together
id1	id2	positive	None	we survived the year 2000 aliens from independence day and the day after tomorrow i better not be taken out by some common cold
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer lawrence wary about doing love scenes with ex nicholas hoult : london , oct 15 : jennifer lawrence is r ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rebecca black on repeat folks because its friday , friday ...
id1	id2	positive	None	james rodriguez scored in the 75th minute as colombia beat the canadian mens national soccer team 1-0 on tues ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fernando alonso has already signed for mclaren according to niki lauda , who claims he signed last thursday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	* starts watching keeping up with the kardashians * * 2nd episode and kris jenner hires bree olson the pornstar as their nanny * * done *
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER katy perry may have married russell brand but at least she doesnt have a wig made out of straw you fuckin jamoke
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to meet the bulls tomorrow got tickets . let me know asap !!! #free
id1	id2	negative	None	thursday night football is the worst show on tv . and i like the big bang theory .
id1	id2	neutral	None	today rugby will take on dollar with 16:30 kos . at home we have 1st , 2nd & amp ; s colts xvs , while colts a , jca , colts b & amp ; jcb xvs are away .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its friday , friday ! gotta drink tea on friday ! ( did you sing it like you were rebecca black ?! )
id1	id2	positive	None	vettel is 100% correct . have you perhaps a few suggestions on how i could spend saturday afternoon in austin ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i suspect rbi may be next in line .. either there is going to be rate custs .. of rbi gov on way out ! @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow : dont forget the hume brophy annual #healthcare conference w/ simmons & amp ; simmons . check out the agenda ! | URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so knotts tomorrow lmao ima have my bro drive since he licensed . aye @USER you drivin ? lmao not my car thov
id1	id2	neutral	None	blood moon : blood moons : the sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the great and the t URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	should be in lax 12 hours and 50 min from now , just in time to see the sun come up and do friday all over again . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	saturday ill be at the lsu game with a fire les miles sign big faded
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to sam smith at austin city limits festival in austin , tx - oct 10 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	god only knows . elton , kylie , chris martin , jools , jamie cullum , brian may , etc , etc . the bbc always drag up the usual shite , dont they ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER were down 6-2 to kershaw heading into the 7th of the nlds game 1 . this one isnt over #stlcards fans . #nlcs
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER selenas new album entitled for you will be released on the 24th of november !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just had something pop into my head , as i was replying to a post left by a member ... alonsos future may not ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	selenas new album will be out on november 24th with only two new songs .
id1	id2	positive	None	go all wednesday adams on us with our gorgeous scalloped collar URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	niki lauda just confirmed to sky that alonso was released of contact on thursday night URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER landry and roberts are out there too . would you cut asiata for a 2nd wr for flex or just start jhill cin ? also down jennings .
id1	id2	positive	None	niki lauda believes that without the benefit of hindsight , sundays japanese grand prix was run the correct way ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	fun friday ! gobble gobble ... ( i know , its not even halloween yet ! ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER but thats jlo look how aka did ... anyway im sure selena has more than 14k fans who would buy it plus black friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think im going to spend the rest of my friday night watching netflix
id1	id2	neutral	None	jessica mathews mirrors the unrealistic thinking in the white house about how to align the us w/assad | URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	when i was a kid , my dad and i would go to kauffman stadium every saturday to watch the royals . even when they were away . #royals
id1	id2	neutral	None	got me looking at this paper mars rules tuesday and its color is red and nights ago it was a blood moon now checking date @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	ladies ! bulk order goes in tomorrow at 10pm cst ! 1 more day to give me your orders for any younique product ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	be back from the gym in the 10th minute i said , you wont miss much of the atleti game i said ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	nasa to lift the warning over the georgia dome on the oct 25th because they expect an atmosphere to be present for the first time ever
id1	id2	positive	None	tonight was an experience ! bulls win and butler hit the game winning shot ! sat in section 103 row 1
id1	id2	neutral	None	aaand @USER is 1st to break the seal on christmas marketing this year . should have guessed from the ppl who brought u cyber monday
id1	id2	negative	None	angry rodgers denies sterling refused to play for england : roy hodgson claimed on tuesday the winger was too ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sat parked in my car to listen to the end of holiday by green day bc it reminds me of my youth @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	getting pumped about saturdays game against ole miss -- #vfl #haslamut URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if this is where they are today , if this is how much he loves louis right now , then liam cant even imagine how good tomorrow will feel .
id1	id2	neutral	None	netflix it is on this friday night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	elton will be performing a solo piano set at the elton john aids foundations gala benefit on oct 28 in new york city URL
id1	id2	positive	None	guys theres a chance i might go back to the stadium where wwat was in , next saturday ! its not confirmed yet but i hope i can go !
id1	id2	neutral	None	on life people are sleeping on mike rodgers . if usa wants a decent shot at beating the jamaicans in rio i suggest they put rodgers on 1st
id1	id2	neutral	None	keshas camp speaks out on dr. luke abuse allegations : following the news tuesday of keshas lawsui ... URL #musicnews
id1	id2	negative	None	cowboys game this sunday and i dont even like the cowboys lol
id1	id2	positive	None	green day for nursing tomorrow ! finally get to use my lasallian shirts again lmao
id1	id2	positive	None	ive just been told that im the perfect combination of marilyn munster and wednesday adams . #halloween2014
id1	id2	negative	None	when katy perry made #tgif i dont think she calculated my exam being on a friday for 4 hours -_-
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow at 9 on first coast connect , well discuss the recent dust-up between ben affleck and bill maher over islam . hear it live on 89.9 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	trial date of october 14 set for ghoncheh ghavami , the woman imprisoned in iran 103 days ago for trying to watch mens volleyball
id1	id2	positive	None	hello ashton . i may not be a crazy obsessed fan , but i really do like you . that literally just sounded crazy srry im so awkward @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	equalizer tomorrow , alexander and the terrible horrible no good very bad day & amp ; fury sunday . #lastfreemovieweekend
id1	id2	positive	None	if youre attending #nycc make sure to catch the monster hunter panel w/ director fujioka-san tomorrow at 12pm , room 1a24 .
id1	id2	negative	None	but with poverty defenders , midfielders from galatasaray and olympiakos and a captain that works as cancer in your team , you may expect to
id1	id2	neutral	None	no . 14 ucla defeats no . 1 washington , 2-1 . syracuse now controls its own destiny to be no . 1 in the nation , playing at louisville tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	are you a julie andrews fan ? dont miss @USER only through oct 19 at the panasonic ! final week ! URL for tix !
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone wanna go see equalizer with me tomorrow .?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER manager carlo ancelotti admits he is keen to return to the sporting paradise which is the @USER one day . ( the sun )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER see you tomorrow donny
id1	id2	positive	None	rivera says rb jonathan stewart looked good in practice and is confident hell play sunday vs . green bay .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the horn sounds , signaling the end of the 2nd period . the #njdevils hold a 2-0 lead , as well as a 16-15 shot advantage .
id1	id2	positive	None	#attackontitan mikasa cosplay count = 4 #ghostbusters cosplay is well represented for 30th anniversary of the movie . wow . 30 years .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nymburk shouldnt start any more games without floor spacers on the wing position . need simmons out there . raivio 6th man , just fine ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	foto : youarebeingridiculous : josh hutcherson at lax airport - october 16th , 2014 okay the yokel behind him ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kris jenner may have only recently filed for divorce from bruce jenner but the head of the ... URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	on this day october 16 , 17 year old 114days old lionel made his official league debut for barca by coach frank rijkaard ... xo happy for you ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	stoops said he was in contact with the league about j.d. harmon hit , leading to suspension saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	was leeds united so it was long time ago so lm having my birthday present early when man utd play west brim next monday night
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday final ratings : the voice & amp ; dancing with the stars adjusted up ; the big bang theory & amp ; castle adjusted URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sure lets blame amber vinson for the ebola scare , because the 1st dr to come & amp ; be treated is 2 much like right .
id1	id2	neutral	None	spoke to giles clarke yday about iccs global tv rights deal with star . read his thoughts , and our analysis , in @USER tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	squandering 4th qtr lead losing to packers 27-24 in the last seconds . at 2-3 , the dolphins will have to scratch & amp ; claw back into playoff
id1	id2	positive	None	spx rallying on #sfgiants going up 3-0 in 1st inning
id1	id2	neutral	None	facebook may have solved mobile , but google is still struggling with it URL follow = = &gt @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just had a dance party by myself to green day while my roommate just sat there minding her own business . we are on that level now .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i wrote a column about the royals for a site that you may be interested in reading : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	great season 8th grade lady vikings ! tough loss to pioneer tonight . viking pride !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER at the minute zvezda fans are too busy securing tickets for the basketball vs galatasaray on thurs and derbi on sat .
id1	id2	negative	None	which part ? @USER seriously ? @USER glad to know my gala isnt on the 5th ... but sucks to hear its going to be in denominations
id1	id2	positive	None	jamming out to disney songs with my roommate = a great way to start a friday @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	west indies to pull out of india tour - 4th odi in dharamsala will be their last game of the series #bcci #indvswi
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER looks like it might be left until 6am tomorrow morning on yougov site .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lax sesh tomorrow fr , need it
id1	id2	positive	None	maybe this is the reason why lee soo man find another ceo . condolence and may he comeback soon
id1	id2	neutral	None	30 million viewers for the cowboys game this past sunday ... americas team
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER cmon gabe im a optimistic fan but the cats are not going to beat lsu and st that easily winning one more is hard enough
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully catching up with liam and cleo tomorrow !!
id1	id2	positive	None	i enjoyed kunle afolayans latest film october 1st , it was brilliant just like phone swap and figurine .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im not sure what the protocol would be , given airport security , etc , but you make the arrangements at lax and ill go tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the next time you call me such a name , you may have to tell mikasa that you can no longer make children ... * gives a rather --
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dont know if you saw , but simmons and jalens nba preview is out tomorrow . which means simmons is back !
id1	id2	positive	None	back in california , come watch some asu hockey at ucla tonight and sdsu tomorrow and saturday , ill be your friend if you do
id1	id2	neutral	None	the horn sounds to end the 2nd period . sens down 3-0 with 29 minutes left .
id1	id2	negative	None	the april subplot in gilmore girls is possibly the worst subplot in all of tv history
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . - julie andrews
id1	id2	positive	None	so today we think @USER r going to complete their draft to destroy #ecigs & amp ; ashton is officially reinstated . happy friday guys . #sick
id1	id2	neutral	None	i went to wwat in spain 11 july you promise follow me in @USER ??? its impossible that you see this .. @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	inside the milky way : santa barbara ca ( spx ) oct 17 , 2014 is matter falling into the massi ... URL URL
id1	id2	negative	None	arian foster / arian foster was limited in thursdays practice with a groin URL #nfl #hou
id1	id2	negative	None	braking : carlo ancelotti speaks about his team performances before the el clasico ! his words may shock you ! see ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER trying to get a meet & amp ; greet for my niece at the ole miss game saturday , is that possible ??
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER also he won his 1st world heavyweight championship with some assistance from @USER in the georgia dome .
id1	id2	negative	None	if twaimz vines himself dropping ass to the ahs freakshow song every wednesday im content
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what merch will you be selling from tvd at walker stalker con ? im going to be there on sunday and would love to know :)
id1	id2	negative	None	where the fuck are all the celebrities like gaga and jason derulo supporting kesha like they did in january .. this is even worse than january
id1	id2	neutral	None	finishing up the fec pprwrk for 3rd quarter . tonite mcdcc n kingman w guest speaker @USER fri bhc forum , sat . tucson pride day speech
id1	id2	positive	None	7th season of the big bang theory is by far the best
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may the saving light of christ shine in the darkness of ucla ... amen .
id1	id2	positive	None	nbc should send nancy snyderman down to interview ebola lab gal on the cruise ship . they may hit it off .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER ive not actually tried the mclaren , but i came 5th in the toro rosso , would have been 4th without a mistake .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jpmorgan chase posts q3 profit of us $5.57 b : new york : jpmorgan chase said on tuesday ( oct 14 ) it returned to p ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bsca delhi police says report about sunanda pushkars death inconclusive : delhi police said friday the forensi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	how safe are local rescue workers against the threat of ebola ? david linton provides some answers on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to @USER at us bank arena in cincinnati , oh - oct 9 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	he walks away , the sun goes down , it takes the day but im grown #hottieoftheweek demi lovato
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the incubation period for hiv may last up to 6 months , and may be mistaken for other diseases before the person becomes aware .
id1	id2	positive	None	i just remember ethan making me laugh so much in ventura so i think thats why im excited to be reunited tomorrow hahaha
id1	id2	negative	None	no dany heatley at ducks practice . he wont be playing against the #mnwild tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	hope our boy fabian delph gets a start tomorrow and continues to produce the quality performances us villans are used to ! #comeonengland utv
id1	id2	positive	None	in a cab going home . day 1 of comic con is complete !!! im so excited for tomorrow and going as mikasa ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	highlights of the colts 4-2 victory over the pembroke lumber kings - hope you enjoy it - this may be my last one !!! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER i was going to suggest saturday nights alright for fighting by elton for him ... hehe
id1	id2	negative	None	now i know why i was overly upset like someone died on the 30th .. not just for jessica but also for lee soo mans wife and sunnys aunt :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER were you impersonating ben affleck ? it may be the only place on campus he didnt visit .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so the royals who won the wild card and made the playoffs for the 1st time in 29 years are the most talented team in the al ? ahaha
id1	id2	negative	None	ugh someone just hang out with me tomorrow . all my friends are either always working or still at lsu
id1	id2	negative	None	i keep thinking its gonna be a green day tomorrow but then i remember that it will be a white day so i cry
id1	id2	neutral	None	#bhramabull keshas camp speaks out on dr. luke abuse allegations : following the news tuesday of k ... URL #bhramabull
id1	id2	positive	None	katy perry performing at the super bowl halftime show in feb . damn sure wouldnt mind a wardrobe malfunction ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i hear you re : snl . my fav alums are eddie murphy , jan hooks , chris farley and norm macdonald . all relatively old school .
id1	id2	positive	None	wear your most verdacious attire with pride tomorrow - celebrate go green day #gogreenday URL @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	were so excited to be part of the still we rise gala on dec 3 . join us ! @USER URL URL
id1	id2	negative	None	3rd time at disney land this weekend and if thunder mountain is closed again , im gonna drive the fucker myself .
id1	id2	positive	None	can we just talk about another #nashlynn video tomorrow you go nash and skylynn
id1	id2	positive	None	a great birthday gift would be a tweet or follow from niall . hope it actually happens on the 12th of december @USER i love you xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	i used to know you when we were young you were in all my dreams we sat together in period one - katy perry
id1	id2	negative	None	watching tvd while ishrat will be the death of me tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	stoops said hes going to suspend a player for the first half of saturdays game . someone asks if he wants to say who . stoops : not really .
id1	id2	positive	None	bulls came back butler went crazy in the 4th
id1	id2	neutral	None	tony barrett : hodgson plans to attend the qpr game on sunday & amp ; meet rodgers afterward to hold talks & amp ; settle ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may she rest in peace . stay strong to lee soo man and family ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching kris jenner tyga probably been over for several sunday dinners already . planning when he gon drop the jenner-stevenson sex tape
id1	id2	positive	None	hahaha ! we found this to be funny :) happy wednesday friends ! join us tonight for hot vinyasa yoga , nia ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#getwellsoonashton ashton come out of that bed we need you to entertain us cmon now
id1	id2	neutral	None	ima just be in mr. simmons class 3rd pd tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER ben affleck is in el cuz the students wanted him to be the surprise guest at the izzone campout tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	carlo ancelotti : isco is a very important player . tomorrow , james rodriguez will start - he rested wednesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the next fec filing deadline for candidates . i am keeping my excitement in check .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone want a ticket to knotts scary farm for tomorrow night ?
id1	id2	positive	None	rodgers just confirmed that both allen and can are fit , and will be back in the squad for sundays trip to qpr . #lfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	ducks are ready for the ita northwest regional championships starting tomorrow ! get the full scoop here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER just wondering if you have had a chance to share the google drive yet , from wednesday , or if i entered my email incorrectly ?
id1	id2	positive	None	at the end of the 2nd hunger games film , you can see jennifer lawrence doing joeys try and do a hard sum acting technique .
id1	id2	positive	None	kunle afolayan is under-rated aswear down ! october 1 is the movie to watch . #madeofblack
id1	id2	positive	None	i love how my tweet about the game tomorrow is now being retweeted/favorited by a bunch of ahs students and even a schs student #eaglenation
id1	id2	positive	None	bout to watch friday night lights for like the 3rd time . one of my favorite shows
id1	id2	positive	None	i won the 2nd star in my mclaren 12c gt3 se in #csrracing #raceyourfriends . download free ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the coast guard first encountered reza baluchi on wednesday after receiving a report about a man in a bubble off the coast of florida ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrows plan : climbing with liam . homemade mini pizzas for lunch . hangs with janet & amp ; dani . dinner & amp ; movie with liam . then the following .
id1	id2	positive	None	school is a lot better on game/fri/pride day
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER reading fourth and long and it is so spot on , great look forward on the state of cfb . mega millions is friday #anynumbersulike ?
id1	id2	positive	None	how wonderful to know that on sat pm i will watch the glory that is ashtons symphonic variations @USER and @USER in afternoon
id1	id2	positive	None	great trip to nashville , including drinks and shop talk with @USER tonight ! headed to speak at ole miss sports law symposium tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	what if this whole vettel and alonso thing is just an april fools joke ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	lol james franklin is going to fly in a helicopter to my high school tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday steve mcmichael oct/17/1957 former american college & amp ; professional football player in the nfl ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	and so the confusion here is generated by what may be termed topical dissonance , google .
id1	id2	neutral	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . - julie andrews
id1	id2	neutral	None	seeing demi lovato for the first time in 6 years tomorrow and feeling like im 9 again @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER why no mention of the accuser waiting till aug 6th to reply to title 9 request . need to play out during cfb season ? hmmm ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER nias asking if you want a current event for tomorrow ? she can print it right now
id1	id2	neutral	None	#trippy - oct 9th photo : kris jenner spotted on a date with mystery hot black dude : i see he ... URL #trippy - oct 9th
id1	id2	neutral	None	atletico madrid keeping tabs on petr cech and are weighing up a january bid for the chelsea goalkeeper URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER and im seeing ed live this saturday at bham nia ! it would be amazing to get the book signed . thanks for putting it together
id1	id2	positive	None	nuno espirito santo has been a nice surprise . valencia currently 2nd in la liga . beat atletico madrid on the weekend .
id1	id2	negative	None	couldnt watch abc tonight ... couldnt take an ounce more of drama today . will catch up tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	one of keshas leaked tracks may have actually been a song warning about her relationship with dr. luke --- ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER super duper excited ... i want bilawal to take on modi as well tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well i mean its the 25th anniversary , so i guess the timing makes sense . maybe simmons can start a production company
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday , vikings ! lots of rain on the way & amp ; a big hockey game tonight ; its going to be a great day ! #bjshspride URL
id1	id2	negative	None	narendra modi on wednesday targeted congress president sonia gandhi , saying she should not come to the state without doing proper home work
id1	id2	positive	None	thursday nights are the best . why ? the originals and vampire diaries with my two best lady loves .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER brady in the pouring rain tonight or russell wilson in the friendly ed jones dome sunday ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER he said it was really obvious when it happens , rumour mill to one side is mclaren obvious ? i thought he may go back
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited for the ball in dec !!! got patricks tux all picked out now just need to find a dress . green bay here we come !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER welbeck 2nd goal vs galatasaray had that been rvp do you think he gets away ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	done with exterior xmas lights . tomorrow we work on the tree . now however its dinner , shower and time to catch up on the dvr stuff . be safe
id1	id2	neutral	None	skillsusa graphic arts members spent time volunteering at the horn of plenty fall food drive on sunday afternoon ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	qwik tip : if youre sending christmas gifts to deployed military , the cheapest/slowest route to apo/fpo means you must ship by nov 8 . #usps
id1	id2	positive	None	fun fact : jonathan bennett , ( aaron samuels , mean girls ) is gay . lol it isnt october third any more , ladies #meangirls #oct3rd
id1	id2	positive	None	come and join us tomorrow , for an exciting christmas card making demonstration with the fantastic sue burrows . 10am-4pm .
id1	id2	negative	None	if only green day sounded like this , instead of the sort of parody punk group who might have been invented by saturday night live .
id1	id2	positive	None	you know this when do americans celebrate independence day ? the 4th of july obviously sarah are you sure ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER also , thanks for adding the 9th season of supernatural and the second season of arrow . you are gr8 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ucla football may move brett hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks URL #ucla
id1	id2	neutral	None	realized i didnt get to see the redskins get that beatdown on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	* side note * we went during the week of independence day ( july 4th for yall who dont know the actual holiday name smh )
id1	id2	positive	None	im a big fan of kunle afolayan . i normally enjoy his movies is october 1 any good ? would love to see it
id1	id2	negative	None	wanted to be kris jenner tomorrow but didnt want to pay $20 for a wig so no outfit basically
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER any of the ny times long-form coverage of ebola , especially the hospitals in africa . or the chemweaps piece from sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can you please sign my atletico madrid jersey at tomorrows game ? #formycollection #pleasehelp
id1	id2	positive	None	i watched october 1 today . awesome movie : a blockbuster ! kunle afolayan never disappoints . d lord will bless u with better ideas . cheers !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no butt fucking sorry , were watching annabelle tomorrow and youre bound to shit yourself .
id1	id2	negative	None	everything hurts and were leaving to go to the white house at 8:30 am with plans for 9 hours after and my body may actually collapse
id1	id2	neutral	None	#lakers : steve nash-g : kobe bryant said thursday he is very concerned URL
id1	id2	positive	None	15 experts reveal the best social media apps for mobile - we all like different things . you may love the packers , ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	going down to sg on 31st ... scape has a halloween event on that day .. ... halloween ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah dont think 8 or 9 like some .. is a risk but welbeck must be amongst the goals ! as for delph got a knock rested for sunday
id1	id2	negative	None	the coast guard is like , we told this idiot not to do this on wednesday , but he went anyway . did he not have ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	getting to know super-earths : pasadena ca ( spx ) oct 16 , 2014 if you have a coin and flip it just once , what does that tell you abou ...
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow morning the place to be is laico 4 a debate on icc . we have talked about it online , now we do it face to face URL
id1	id2	positive	None	carlo ancelotti : isco is a very important player . tomorrow , james rodriguez will start - he rested wednesday . #haalmadrid
id1	id2	neutral	None	late upload from the bears game sunday #beardown @USER georgia dome URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow morning , ducks will be falling from the sky @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	may she rest in peace , stay strong kakek lee soo man
id1	id2	neutral	None	told my dad i was going to wear all black to my aunts house & amp ; he just said its not halloween yet wednesday adams lol
id1	id2	positive	None	#boldindenver i may be biased , but i think toyota makes the best vehicles . i have driven lots but for the money ... #toyotawins
id1	id2	positive	None	miranda hart at the nia tomorrow night in birmingham , a personal suggestion from my good friend lenny henry !
id1	id2	neutral	None	breaking news : martinez leaves everton after europa league exit and sitting 12th in table . immediately agrees deal with hull . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	from my recently viewed list i can see my dad watched the entire 1st season of gilmore girls on netflix yesterday #dale
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER similarity between #mohandas gandhi & amp ; #narendra modi : have you seen dandi march video clips ? both r working through @USER pace
id1	id2	neutral	None	after careful bar calculations and algorithms plus some algebra i have determined that the vikings will lose sunday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	kobe bryant looked like his old self against the jazz during a 119-86 loss on thursday , making 10-of-23 from the field and 7-of-13 fr ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . - julie andrews
id1	id2	neutral	None	hi all ill be speaking to peter riley on abc 97.3 illawarra on monday at around 7:15 am est . with a couple of the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	schools out , its saturday @USER put the text books away cos schools out , its saturday ! let the good tim ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER can seb vettels 6th engine/power unit be different to the first 5 in any way ? @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i went to the wwa tour on august 19th and it was so amazing & lt ;3 i hope you guys come back again :) i love you ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER agreed . but another sec loss makes it awfully hard for the tigers to play in the georgia dome on dec . 6 . two more : lights out
id1	id2	negative	None	arian foster suddenly q for monday night with a groin thing .. fuck
id1	id2	negative	None	having to be at school at eight tomorrow is going to kick my ass .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER they sat on their hands . ebola spreads much more efficiently than hiv and is potentially just a mutation away from being airborne
id1	id2	negative	None	the jennifer lawrence naked photo response is the end of the shamed starlet #feminism URL
id1	id2	positive	None	omg tegan & amp ; sara are going to be in oakland on nov 14 i must go !
id1	id2	neutral	None	im wearing my aaron rodgers jersey to the charger game this sunday . #gopackgo @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	ben affleck with @USER before thursday practice #spartandawgs URL
id1	id2	negative	None	capcom said they may not make sequels to games that dont sell 2 mil . so that means they only making sf , monster hunter and resident evil lol
id1	id2	positive	None	sat with a yoghurt and a coffee . niki lauda would be proud
id1	id2	neutral	None	the coast guard has ended its search for a third man who was on a boat that sank near the entrance to the sakonnet river on thursday night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	leeds 1-1 sheff wed . giuseppe bellusci securing #lufc a point after chris maguire has opened the scoring URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	march 24 ( reuters ) - jpmorgan chase & amp ; cos chief executive for china investment banking fang fang has decided to leave the u
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER every episode of friends is coming to netflix on january 1st URL damn i want netflix heere tooo
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 17 - airbridgecargo airlines ( abc ) has appointed airlink cargo as its general sales agent in the pacific ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i may not know what im doing with my life right now , but i do know what songs id choose if i had to lip sync battle jimmy fallon .
id1	id2	neutral	None	instead of focusing on my psychology exam tomorrow .. all i can think about is vampire diaries ! #obsessed #netflixqueen
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tbt to the oregon v . ucla football game last saturday ! #oregon #ducks @USER bowl URL
id1	id2	negative	None	school on monday is going to be so weird .
id1	id2	negative	None	1st time disappointed with modi . @USER information on #blackmoney given by foreign countries cannot be disclosed : centre to sc
id1	id2	negative	None	sadly for them , the person who came 3rd in last nights gbbo final has dropped into the europa league .
id1	id2	positive	None	lenny kravitz in the hunger games ... mmm ... may the odds be ever in our favor .
id1	id2	neutral	None	open at 6pm tonight , 1pm sat & amp ; 6pm sunday - now , wheres my red bull ?? @USER #needenergy
id1	id2	positive	None	on this day back in 2004 leo messi debuted for barca and since he has lifted 21 trophies ! happy 10th anniversary leo ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	milky way ransacks nearby dwarf galaxies : washington dc ( spx ) oct 17 , 2014 astronomers using the national science foundations green ...
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to my boy @USER for his 10th anniversary at barca . one of the greats .
id1	id2	negative	None	dishwasher repair canceled . .. sears coming out tuesday ... grrr ... cant wait to see annabelle with david misty ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rest in peace for lee soo mans wife . may her wife get the best place over there and stay strong for lee soo man and his family .
id1	id2	positive	None	james rodriguez and falcao playing against the canadian mens national team tuesday ... should be a close game ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER from the information point either on saturday at the copthorne hotel 12noon-4pm , or from the nia on sunday morning from 7am .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dear all this is to inform you that tomorrow mukherjee nagar madal ( bjp ) is going to start swachh bharat mission ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	some times on friday im still compelled to song a little rebecca black . just cause .
id1	id2	negative	None	taylor doesnt give a shit about my country even katy perry will be here tomorrow .. katy perry
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i watched cowboys totally manhandle seahawks sunday . score was way , way closer than the game on the field . #cowboysrforreal
id1	id2	positive	None	opening the fridge to a ginormous supply of red bull is a wicked way to start a friday ! me and red bull zero are going to be best friends .
id1	id2	positive	None	when niall smiles in concerts the smile goes to his eyes because they are brighter than the sun
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol isa lng sulusyon jan .. vikings ! mag sawa mga kapatid mo ibat iba food .. vikings is the only buffet restaurant that i like
id1	id2	positive	None	nashs and skylynns video tomorrow ... im sure that the video will make me feel better /:
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER christian ponder is the vikes 3rd string qb , what is the texans excuse ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ daily bulletin ] - ucla football may move brett hundley out of the pocket more to reduce sacks URL @USER #bruins
id1	id2	negative	None	going to see annabelle with my mate , only just realised its incredibly stupid of me cause im home alone tonight and tomorrow night :( ahhh
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i have no idea who that is ! was thinking about wednesday adams , not just so i can wear a wig , honest .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so what is it about coffee that may protect individuals from such major harms ? and if coffee consumption is in ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	2,339,071 people could have seen bellusci since its 1st mention until it became a trending topic . #trndnl
id1	id2	positive	None	throw back thursday to demi lovato . anything is possible if you just believe . 9/23/14 #throwbackthursday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	india vs west indies 4th odi at dharamsala : ajinkya rahane out for 68 : oct 17 , 2014 india lost the wicket of a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i feel like we need to talk more about ashtons rap in she looks so perfect during the livestream in july #emabiggestfans5sos
id1	id2	neutral	None	swachh bharat appeared on friday 3 at the 11th place in the top20 of punes trends : URL #trndnl
id1	id2	neutral	None	selenas greatest hits album is set to come out november 24th , & amp ; its called for you it will include 2 new songs & amp ; 4 old songs shes done .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ill just stay in & amp ; watch netflix & amp ; then just go out tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . - julie andrews
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER demi lovato is in concert this sunday at the bell center sweety ! theres still some places available ! evenko.ca
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER first labour lead with yougov since last wednesday , looks like the tory conference bounce is over though
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i think we are going to have the red bull bar back on jan 25 as well URL
id1	id2	negative	None	tiff died and ariel had a panic attack and alonso went nuts and mike sat there like a barbie doll .. katie talking about after prom
id1	id2	neutral	None	vikings @USER with a big hit on 4th down to stop the knights deep in vikings end
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER are you guys going to need mercy volunteers at the green bay , wi show ?? i can help out next wed ... if you need it ??
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning , cowboys ! swiss radio says it is ! - &gt; jamiroquais space cowboy ! @USER friday is cowboy-day @USER URL
id1	id2	negative	None	rutos presidency lasted shorter than the 1st shot .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aside going to the hockey viewing partying tonight , im going to my aunt & amp ; uncles early halloween party tomorrow night . :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	2 tickets to sundays game included in this hail to the redskins package . bid high and bid often @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 12 days of christmas ! on the 8th day it has to be @USER new choc stars ! URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday in atlanta , ga catch me at the georgia dome ... i will be live and turnt in that bitch ! hahaha ready to #riseup
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cool shot from austin city limits festival on saturday with @USER and skrillex #jacku #repost URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its so easy to put notre dame in cfb playoff talk and its far too because they are unbeaten . but saturdays test vs fsu is big #ndvsfsu
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow soas students will have a day of solidarity and symbolic action for ghoncheh ghavami URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dance off friday ~ breakdance conversation with jimmy fallon & amp ; brad pitt ... #teamskm URL
id1	id2	negative	None	kris jenner gets kandid : 9 shocking secrets and admissions ! : she may not be starring in any keeping up with ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	well , beautiful people the actual album in full glory will arrive today ready for tomorrow at the horn ! thanks to @USER you guys rock
id1	id2	negative	None	flares !! after all the booing and jeering towards the galatasaray fans on wednesday night ? fucking hypocrites @USER #afcvcfc #arsenal
id1	id2	positive	None	judging by the interviews and way bellusci talks - think we may have found a true legend in the making
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER listen to the lyrics . soreal jan hooks tribute : love is a dream URL
id1	id2	positive	None	really hope welbeck is fit for saturday and its just a little knock
id1	id2	positive	None	leo eyes record , barca seek boost : in the week that he marked the 10th anniversary of his competitive ... URL #femnath
id1	id2	positive	None	carlo ancelotti : ofcourse i would sign lionel messi . tomorrow well read this . were just kidding .
id1	id2	positive	None	finally going to see the equalizer tomorrow , im hoping its a good film ?
id1	id2	positive	None	nashs new video with skylynn will be on tomorrow ! #anxious
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i just read your diagnosis on pistorius back from july 3 . i searched google for pistorius psychopath because i see his pic
id1	id2	positive	None	you just gotta ignite the light and let it shine just own the night like the 4th of july - katy perry
id1	id2	neutral	None	jessica attended lane crawfords 1st anniversary event at shanghai times square , china on the 16th .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER today was all about ozil not being happy and leaving arsenal in jan . welbecks good though np , we cant be that unlucky
id1	id2	neutral	None	tune in to 104.1 fm at 7pm to hear the best of friday night lights football coverage of neodesha at fredonia with jeff carpenter on the mic !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you may be going to lsu but not me
id1	id2	neutral	None	topic : friday night lights two members of the wyandanch , ny memorial high school varsity football team were ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cardinals bullpen just did their best 7th inning kershaw impression .
id1	id2	positive	None	great cooking class on nov 2 , led by refugee chefs ! organised by the @USER hosted by @USER and parliament on king .
id1	id2	positive	None	#astros aplin steals third after knocking a big rbi double down the right field line . were tied at 1 in the 8th .
id1	id2	positive	None	this has been a dope week , finished season 2 of american horror story , beat devil may cry , and bought hella ps2 games . all i care about x )
id1	id2	neutral	None	parliament adjourned until monday . maseru is calm with heavy police presence in the city streets .
id1	id2	neutral	None	independence day 2 and the mummy reboots are both set for june 24th 2016 . talk about a day of nostalgia .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER expect atletico madrid to lead the chase for peter cech if the #cfc keeper still wants to leave in january - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i had a dream abt going to wwa tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ty for making my sons 1st bulls game unforgettable ! ps ... he wants a 21 jersey now ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget the vintage bazaar tomorrow at @USER its the last one in #frome before xmas @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	if we do not qualify for the next round of the ucl we better finish 4th in the group .. europa league is a no
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for tomorrow . #properfootball only problem is my usual pub is showing the arsenal game instead .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER he may start from bench , it depends on the severity of welbecks knock .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lmao @USER putting out the bill and jalen previews at 12:01 am tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	i dont say modi is the best pm , but its the first time i watched pms speech other than that on 15th august i ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	icc announces teams for wcl division 3 : the international cricket council ( icc ) thursday announced the six squ ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER may get a visit just after christmas as i have more free time . take care .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh man i had the same feeling sunday when my packers hung on to beat the dolphins lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	measure out half an 8th put it in a shell . split it then i roll it then light it up like its independence day
id1	id2	neutral	None	ebola nurse may have been sick before taking the plane
id1	id2	negative	None	james franklin may be a good recruiter , but i have never been impressed with his in game coaching . #psuvsmich
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER looks like we may sell borg to either fenerbahce , galatasaray , or besiktas they are all interested knowing that if he
id1	id2	positive	None	leeds 1-1 sheff wed . giuseppe bellusci securing #lufc a point after chris maguire had opened the scoring URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	now that ruto is the 5th president ... i think him and uhuru have now served one term each
id1	id2	neutral	None	if pearce or bellusci get booked friday then they will miss leeds next game . looks like its then down to wootton #lufc #mot
id1	id2	positive	None	the buccaneers have a bye week this weekend . they are practicing hard for their game on october 26th vs the vikings . #lwlive
id1	id2	neutral	None	jan hooks : frosty the snowman [ import ]: a double bill starring frosty : frosty the snowman jimmy durante narrates this URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	open day at ashton sixth form tomorrow : 10am to 1pm #asfcclassof2015
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday !! stephen colbert sings friday with jimmy fallon and the roots ( late night with jimmy fallon ) @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tried to pick up sanu , but im 8th on the list , so i didnt get him . but , i dropped asiata for mckinnon .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what are you doing next october 3rd ?.. you want to come to disney world with me ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	christmas with nataniel . 26 - 28 nov . r200 - r150 @USER main theatre .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its almost time for the new ft50 to reveal itself . we launch the new car tomorrow at toyota racing new zealand ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	similarity between #mohandas gandhi & amp ; #narendra modi : have you seen dandi march video clips ? both are working through @USER pace .
id1	id2	positive	None	to honor norman reedus black cat he adopted , eitd and monday is mingus bday . lets make monday adopt a black cat day . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER kershaw was mowing them down in the sixth in game 4 , and got shelled in the 7th . have to be able to count on your bullpen .
id1	id2	positive	None	condolence to lee soo man and all family , his wife may calm there . let us pray for the best for her elf .
id1	id2	negative	None	really stoops , run the ball on 3rd and 21 ? overpaid and under produce ,
id1	id2	neutral	None	west indies go home after the dharamsala 4th odi . no fifth odi . no one-off t20 . no three-test series . #shokingnews #indvswi
id1	id2	negative	None	when it comes to thursday night football this makes the europa league look top fucking notch #engvsm
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may or may not successfully execute watching gilmore girls all day on netflix . i may run out of episodes before i do time .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER all congress party members have stopped taking bath as it may mean they are support modis #swachhhtaabhiyaan
id1	id2	neutral	None	what im anticipating about the shingeki no kyojin possible 2nd season is the progress of relationship bet eren and mikasa
id1	id2	neutral	None	fake punt on 4th and 11 ? wow , james franklin can make some odd decisions . #pennstate #michigan #psuvsmich
id1	id2	neutral	None	gamlingay green day is tomorrow , 18 oct , 10am at the ecohub . full programme at URL see you there ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mikasa drawing updated and finished i think . gonna give it to my coworker on wednesday , hope she likes it . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ive been told by galatasaray fans that i work with , that was passion on wednesday ... to me whoever from our lot had flares smh
id1	id2	positive	None	norman reedus has tweeted and posted on instagram happy tuesday . my life has just been made @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER he will stay at ferrari and drive the 3rd car with raikkonen and vettel as teammates
id1	id2	neutral	None	pm to address top military commanders tomorrow : prime minister narendra modi will interact with the countrys ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow @USER brings eu referendum bill back to parliament ! hope labour & amp ; lib dems wont again try to block the public having a say
id1	id2	neutral	None	carlo ancelotti : iker casillas will play tomorrow because keylor navas only arrived back to the team yesterday afternoon . #halamadrid
id1	id2	neutral	None	vikings = 10th ranked run game vs lions = 4th ranked run defense . need the o-line and asiata and mckinnon to shine .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im from holland ! jamming on steal my girl after the wwa movie on sunday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i cant imagine charles darwin would have just sat back and accepted there was no evolutionary purpose for a narwal horn . scientists ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER where would he play ? james and isco will be back up wingers , hes 3rd choice back up
id1	id2	neutral	None	the @USER podcast is live , as @USER and columnists from the network talk nfl and cfb . listen here : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	heysss , u owe me a treat @USER equalizer , a place in the stars , october 1st .
id1	id2	positive	None	really want to go to the lsu scrimmage tomorrow #basketballisback
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi donny how are you i just want to say you was amazing on @USER last saturday night . xx can you follow me
id1	id2	positive	None	it may not be the biggest squad in the last 10yrs but ancelotti is working for quality over quantity . everyone ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER it was also risky for rodgers to hold the ball until he got a helmet to the chest on that 4th down in order to find jordy
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER id forgotten about alonso . come to think of it i have 6 or so bayern matches saved to watch . may have to start soon .
id1	id2	positive	None	its that time again friday night lights if u free come watch my gryphons beat gaither tonight ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	atletico madrid want to buy chelsea ? s petr cech in january [ sunday star ] URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	abc issues edaa trust seal to the exchange lab - london , 16 october , 2014 . the exchange lab today has received the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	clearly the battle is for 2nd place , as bill pullmans speech in independence day cannot be trumped . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER how you feeling about the colts game sunday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited to go out tomorrow night with my main gals and going to watch annabelle with a beautiful boy on sunday evening . yaaay
id1	id2	positive	None	football sunday from right behind the falcons bench . huge thanks to @USER @USER georgia dome URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i bought keshas debut album for $7 in 9th grade and thought i would regret it . now im almost 20 and still inappropriately dancing to it .
id1	id2	negative	None	i ran into alonso at the gym . i literally havent seen him since we graduated 8th grade . he called me nicole ... man getting old is so weird
id1	id2	negative	None	coulthard says alonso may have lost some leverage in negotiations with mclaren #f1
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER please be performing on saturday 10th january 2015 ! my friend has booked this for me for christmas !! this would top it off !
id1	id2	positive	None	the thing im most jealous of ab miley is that she got rapped ab by jay ... nearly marrying liam is a close 2nd
id1	id2	negative	None	just 24 hours to go to chelseas match tomorrow . about fucking time id say . international football is a pain . ban it i d say . ktbffh
id1	id2	positive	None	seriously loving how to get away with murder ! i need abc to let me watch episode 3 and 4 now so that i can catch up for next thursday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER but it seems difference is waino getting stronger , kershaw was the same till the 6th . thats all i gots .
id1	id2	positive	None	get better @USER glad i got to talk to u tonight . i will have fun at disney tomorrow for you
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER needs vols this sat . @USER email inf @USER if you can help . free lunch for full day ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im off to see disney on ice with work on sunday , i am excited !
id1	id2	positive	None	the most unheralded competitive england international of all time ? mt @USER marino in the thursday night europa league slot
id1	id2	positive	None	kiss me kiss me amnesia tomorrow never dies independence day english love affair i tag anyone who is reading this URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER theres a meeting for swimming tomorrow lb2 in rodgers room let the soph squad know
id1	id2	neutral	None	prime minister narendra modi met top military officers at the defence ministry war room in delhi on friday . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	school tomorrow just isnt gonna work for me
id1	id2	neutral	None	get in the halloween spirit and back chill 3rd edition : a horror roleplaying game , via @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hull on saturday right . ox , cazorla , alexis behind welbeck for me . rest picks its self .
id1	id2	neutral	None	12 ways june squibb is the new jennifer lawrence - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	seeing gone girl for the 3rd time 85% because im obsessed with the movie 15% because im obsessed with ben affleck @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	im so excited for nashs new video tomorrow with skylynn
id1	id2	neutral	None	just walked by magazine stand in store ... pic of jennifer lawrence said im having chriss baby !... indeed you may be .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone want to see demi lovato tomorrow night at mohegan sun with me ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wonder if billy joe armstrong ( green day ) gets woken up every october 1st . that joke would be funny the first time but prob get annoying .
id1	id2	negative	None	school starts on monday , i want to crai .
id1	id2	neutral	None	brian cushing is not listed as out for thursdays game . he was just one of 11 #texans who did not practice on monday : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER like if you just label yourself liberal , its different . hell bill maher literally said cmon guys im not a tea partier !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy wednesday !!! i have signed up with younique and am now part of an awesome team of people and an amazing ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wwa concert film this weekend , you can pre-order the wwa live from san siro stadium dvd . out dec 1st . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we have a show tomorrow night at the horn in st albans luverz so pls be there so its not just our dad in the audience like it normally is
id1	id2	neutral	None	wanna watch annabelle tomorrow but who the hell wants to hang out with me lol k
id1	id2	neutral	None	liam and woody on set of #bywayofhelena at florewood state park in greenwood , the october 14th . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pm had invited 8ppl who werent from politics & amp ; i was the 9th he invited : shashi tharoor on pm inviting him to join swachh bharat campaign
id1	id2	neutral	None	khedira , real madrids new signing : carlo ancelotti was all smiles this thursday . after a long lay-off , the ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no one should care why jameis may still be the best player in cfb . its a completely moot point in context of current scandal
id1	id2	positive	None	floundering bjp in tn may get star power -- swachh bharat abhiyaan : khushboo sundar tweets support for the mission URL
id1	id2	positive	None	fec approves $1.1 bn for two locomotives : the federal executive council ( fec ) thursday approved a n 1.1 billion for the design , manufac ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	word on the street is that ben affleck will be at ricks tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	this game been on my mind the moment i signed with ucla , cant wait for saturday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER cute animal ? we hired the clickbait to work for us directly ? are you bringing jennifer lawrence in tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	watchout georgia dome cause the #raiders are hungry to see you in december playoff bound
id1	id2	neutral	None	protecting a brand is about more than your trade mark : red bull may ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	why am england playing on a thursday have they got that shit that theyre in the europa league ?
id1	id2	positive	None	my boss asked me if i would work christmas & amp ; im just like .. heck yes ! id work a double christmas day if i could . just not black friday . lol
id1	id2	negative	None	udhav should know that modi ruled gujarat for 12 years what you have done except mar pit & amp ; only to say marathi manus even not accepted .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the question is , will replacing gandhi or nehru with jan or rashtriya in the names of govt . schemes and ideas , make them more effective ?
id1	id2	negative	None	1st question : why havent we closed the borders ? 2 . why mr. duncan wasnt transfer to any hospital that can handle ebola ? @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER tj : im obsessed with the 2nd one with both sara and tegan
id1	id2	neutral	None	has posted you tube vid of vettel speech from awards sunday night , but theyve edited out the jean todt impersonation ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	cycling mission with passion team #ride2light rahul kumawat etal at sangam university bhilwara 15 oct 2014 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER ben affleck is the next batman and the only logical place for the 3rd tatto to be is the pelvic area
id1	id2	positive	None	looks like brian cushing and arian foster will be ready to go for the houston texans on thursday night ! #wearetexans URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	organisers of the annual africa international film festival have revealed kunle afolayans october 1 , lancelot ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the most unheralded competitive international of all time ? mt @USER england-san marino in the thursday night europa league slot
id1	id2	negative	None	the jets are 30th in points differential . have the worst pd of any nfl team thats not from florida .
id1	id2	neutral	None	selenas greatest hits album is set to come out november 24th , & amp ; its called for you itll include 2 new songs & amp ; 4 old songs shes done .
id1	id2	neutral	None	aaron samuels in the house ... wearing pink and it aint even wednesday ! #meangirls #dwts
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER big brother 9th ! u gonna check out that bears vs . falcons game down there in the georgia dome 2morrow in atlanta ? #dabears
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow presents human rights defender nabeel rajab to the eliminate non independent in #bahrain @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER that all nighter isnt until 29th nov ., and as for halloween , id like to think we have it covered ;) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	and so ends thursday happy hour with brian kelly .
id1	id2	positive	None	carlo ancelotti : isco is a very important player . tomorrow , james rodriguez will start - he rested on wednesday . #haalmadrid
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we may be seeing it more with him and welbeck together .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 25th birthday , dear donny gibbon ! donny is a funny little gibbon , he loves to play tag , wrestle and chase ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sat behind @USER on the flight to lax tonight . go buffs !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER is the best after lance at the sun ! maybe elliot but simmons ?! man ...
id1	id2	positive	None	jermaine pennant scored a ha t-t rick in the 1st match of arsenals 49 match unbeaten run . perhaps even more unbelievable than the run itself .
id1	id2	negative	None	diego costa a doubt for tomorrow . then again hes been a doubt for half chelseas games this season . #cfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	fty pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday prime minister narendra modi will interact with URL po
id1	id2	positive	None	i got lots of tweets asking for shoutouts to niall , if i think about it i will give shoutouts to niall when i get back from work tomorrow !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER utah tonight . saturday rolling with baylor , stanford , and ucla so far
id1	id2	positive	None	turn up the music , cause the sun just came up #hotoftheweek demi lovato
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i had arian foster so im on 26 already , but having luck and hilton puts you in a good place going into nfl sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see my best friend ! he comes back from welbeck tomorrow ! he is like a brother to me ! #reunited #friendshipgoals #bruh
id1	id2	neutral	None	mourinho says he has rejected 2 offers to take charge at psg - and that he was 1st choice for the job before ancelottis appointment . sun
id1	id2	neutral	None	west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th odi in dharamsala
id1	id2	positive	None	we can get your website to the 1st page of google searches in bristol for your industry ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	found out that monster hunter 4 on the 3ds has online so i guess i may end up playing it ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i won the 2nd star in my mclaren 12c in #csrracing #raceyourfriends . download free ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	milky way ransacks nearby dwarf galaxies : washington dc ( spx ) oct 17 , 2014 astronomers using the national sci ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	would love to go to the christmassy show of christmas at 11am on 14th december , sounds so cute #imptreasure
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . julie andrews
id1	id2	neutral	None	the west indies team will pull out of the 5th odi after it finishes playing the match at dharamsala . @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have the next three wednesdays off and dont have anyone to spend them with now im in donny ! move up here @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	colts defense should dominate the bengals , and likewise offensively . excited for sunday ! #coltsnation #nfl URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its october 11th . its like october 3rd but with oreos and peanut butter instead of aaron samuels . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	afcs top running backs to meet on monday night football : arian foster and leveon bell are the ... URL #nfl , #texans
id1	id2	positive	None	the giants will fly out to kansas city to face the royals in the world series starting on tues . both teams are white hot at the moment .
id1	id2	neutral	None	facebook may have solved mobile , but google is still struggling with it URL via carmel deamicis
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tonight at @USER tomorrow well start there and bus to toyota at 2 , or you can meet us at toyota from 4-7
id1	id2	neutral	None	when was it released @USER omg . october 1 is out ??? produced by kunle afolayan ::: ??
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yep , we should get niki lauda to judge nxt time . he said on sat that theres no way he would be racing if he was a current driver
id1	id2	neutral	None	so i am also gonna do another video for halloween and im going to recreate wednesday adams .
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to the vball team tomorrow night vs spx . its senior night so show your support for our 6 awesome seniors ! #seniornight #celtics
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ya never would have thought youd lose 2 games when kershaw had leads going into the 7th
id1	id2	positive	None	wow , its october 3rd . im going to disney world @USER @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER rodgers makes no memorable plays . by the host . same qb who won the division on a 4th down heave in the last seconds .
id1	id2	positive	None	if you wanted to know who my woman crush wednesday was yesterday take a wild guess . it was the amazing demi lovato .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i miss you too ! ill be at su sunday to watch the lax game , come with me !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	panthro has just informed me of jan hooks and elizabeth pena in one blow i am very sad URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im going to katy perrys concert tomorrow and i have never been more excited in my whole life ! #prismaticworldtour @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	went to try soloing warship in icc 25man for the 15th time today . still very glitchy and they kill my ship in literally 5 hits :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday : mercia monday tuesday : disney takeover day wednesday : crazy hair &amp; sock day(activity day ) thursday : halloween day friday : spirit day
id1	id2	positive	None	my sincere condolences to lee soo mans wife . may she rest in peace .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great work ; you may or may not have noticed : even deeply biased yougovs poll tonight has lab 5% lead . we r strong , united .
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning !!! coffee in hand , and it is friday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i did my 2nd show last night on public television in fairfax , va . thank you to mike , donny , dave , herbert and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hoping the packers can beat panthers on sunday !
id1	id2	positive	None	can it be sunday already . i cant wait to see cam newton destroy the packers . sorry @USER lol
id1	id2	positive	None	carroll delivers for liverpool win , 6th = europa league - now need just 4 points from the last 5 games to secure it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#fcb real madrid are set to host fc barcelona on 25th august and coach carlo ancelotti believes that the catal ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the coast guard plucked two people off of an overturned fishing vessel in the tongass narrows wednesday : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER going rib elton all day tomorrow .!
id1	id2	negative	None	west indies pull out from the india tour after the 4th odi in dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their board .
id1	id2	neutral	None	who are you tomorrow ? will you make me smile or just bring me sorrow ? #hottieoftheweek demi lovato
id1	id2	positive	None	red bull will be the drink of choice after work tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	may i just say that the words latte & amp ; skinny have nothing to do with coffee and that the word barista is not in the english language ?
id1	id2	positive	None	hey kids , its friday ! coffees brewing and its all frosty cool outside with an amazing moon and planet combo over the porch
id1	id2	neutral	None	el ahly will play with atletico madrid on nov 18
id1	id2	negative	None	kenyans r realy crazy . can we say that ruto is the 6th prezo of the republic of kenya ?
id1	id2	positive	None	just twisted his ankle but he is ok @USER welbeck may hv picked up one . what is happening to our team ?
id1	id2	negative	None	i swear if the cowboys win sunday im literally never talking to a cowboys fan again , youll all be dead to me i cant explain
id1	id2	positive	None	expect to see the new mclaren 650s gt3 to make a debut appearance at the 2014 gulf 12 hour race , 12-13 december ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the two lads sat either side of me have just agreed that welbeck is in the same league as rooney ... #speechless
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday final ratings : the voice & amp ; dancing with the stars adjusted up ; the big bang theory & amp ; castle adj ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	fyi friday ! halloween is right around the corner ! keep your pets safe with these helpful tips from aspca ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what are the recommend settings for games like monster hunter portable 3rd hd ?
id1	id2	positive	None	tvd is barely on its 3rd episode of the season and the story is already super damn goood
id1	id2	positive	None	nice relaxing night in the woods , now off to green bay tomorrow ! #gopackgo
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to go to london with me on november 10th and see mockingjay and meet jennifer lawrence
id1	id2	positive	None	kinda , yes ! i went to see equalizer tonite ! i like it . it was very interesting modern day john wayne movie ... u may like it . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	a mistake on nfl injury report initially said brian cushing would be out vs indy on thursday . he just didnt participate in todays practice
id1	id2	neutral	None	the new way to take a dive in cfb ... on 90% of the 2nd & amp ; 3rd down plays , lets run our routes short of the line to gain !
id1	id2	neutral	None	can anyone take me home from the alonso game tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	the royals are the 2nd team ever to play the two black and orange teams in consecutive series ( 1971 pirates ) #tdsportsfact #giants #royals
id1	id2	neutral	None	#seahawks qb russell wilson was asked about an incident on sideline last sunday where cameras appeared to have caught an angry doug baldwin .
id1	id2	neutral	None	too busy soloing old raids to do anything else atm . firelands first . then icc . then throne of the four winds . i may do ds on my main ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER great news .. on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon tonight and then here on monday .. cant wait .. hes a legend
id1	id2	neutral	None	panthers vs . packers : breaking down carolinas game plan : on sunday , the panthers head to green bay to take on ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER us expands ebola screenings at airports : an official of the white house said on fri ... URL @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	#dailydouble reminder ! liams on a friday night double @USER get it here & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the back page of the star on sunday have atletico madrid sniffing around a chelsea goalie . after thibaut courtois ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well .. norman reedus said hed drop everything hes doing to film the 3rd boondock saints . just a heads up haha .
id1	id2	negative	None	and super cold for no good reason . if it wasnt for laundry tomorrow would be monster hunter under lots of blankets day
id1	id2	neutral	None	fec hold farewell session for seven ministers - president goodluck jonathan on wednesday led the federal executive ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cardinal team making it interesting here in the top of the 8th ... an error and rbi single by hollis brings the score 8-3 with 1 out ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	frankos rbi single in the top of the 1st gives gray a 1-0 heading to the bottom .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what do you think about simmons theory that stevens may leave the team if they stink badly enough again ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	think ima go to the abc store tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER in my 1st year halls , one guy insisting on referring to himself as the horn . in the third person .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#otd 16 october 1834 fire destroyed a large part of the houses of parliament in london . @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	the iccs dilemma in uhuru , ruto cases : last week , uhuru kenyatta made history . on tuesday , he ... URL #kenyanicccases
id1	id2	neutral	None	if i go to london comic con next year and norman reedus is there , i think i may have a reaction like daryl when he saw carol tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you jessica , same to you :) . the sun is even out !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey donny , on sunday what pdq in concord ??? is it the one over at concord mills ???
id1	id2	positive	None	yes ! vampire diaries is about to start ! it is my favorite thing about thursday ! @USER #vampirediariesseason6 #delenaforever
id1	id2	positive	None	thought it was ben affleck for a 2nd ! love this ! @USER URL #club1909 #gohabsgo
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i may or may not be watching gilmore girls just because youre in this episode .
id1	id2	positive	None	fec approves n 2.7 bn for abuja roads rehabilitation the federal executive council on wednesday approved the sum ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its friday . were having meatloaf . and the royals are still going to the world series ! #notadream #goodstuff URL
id1	id2	positive	None	big shout out to arian foster and ty hilton this am . going into sunday with 53 points . nbd
id1	id2	negative	None	edge of tomorrow is literally groundhog independence day . though less stupid than that makes it sound @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	so labour back in lead with populus & amp ; yougov but all moe . reality itll be close election national polls may be trumped by #labourdoorstep .
id1	id2	negative	None	james franklin will have some 10 and 11 win seasons here but starting to think he isnt particularly good at the saturday part of his job .
id1	id2	positive	None	maddie and tegan stood in the scorching sun with me after having no sleep for 24 hours waiting for my bus to come i actually love them
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i see you love brady 2nite . love him more than russell wilson on sunday ? i hate that i keep picking the wrong option !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im glad its not my call ! he looked amazing . so did kershaw in the 6th of game 1 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	name the story and season . alien world . 5th doctor tegan and turlough the tardis splits up tractators name the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	my friday night consists of me watching the big bang theory season 7 with cam :)
id1	id2	positive	None	hi @USER see youre in parliament on tues.as someone who also wnt to an ace school , wld be gr8 to meet for coffee if youve time
id1	id2	positive	None	for the first day of 7th grade i bought a shirt with green day on the cover of rolling stone magazine i still have it . and i still love it
id1	id2	positive	None	10.12.14 the civil engineering general assembly . divergence : dare to be younique . ready na ba performances niyo ? :) see you tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	heading to west wylong tomorrow for a couple of hours of dr who , star wars , vikings and mexican food ... as you do
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you just askin the wrong folks . equalizer is a must tomorrow since im off
id1	id2	neutral	None	ion think im going to icc tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see serena on friday ! jennifer lawrence looked gorgeous last night at the premier
id1	id2	positive	None	black friday week is going to be crazy . iggy , nicki , 1d , selena , eminem and i know im forgetting someone ???
id1	id2	positive	None	hull city manager steve bruce says his side is hoping to benefit from a wounded arsenal when they meet on saturday . despite the london te ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	georgetown may have bill clinton , but we have twisty the clown from american horror story #cua #ahs
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to the winner of the colts game tix on sunday ! even better the budman will be his wingman ( at @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	in arusha for tomorrows annual toyota cocktail and dinner at the hrc . looking forward to seeing old friends and toyota customers .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i love you ash ! hope the wwat was great ! i really enjoy to see you on june 20 on stade de france ! hope to see you soon ! :d
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER youve got the whole of saturday night to work it out . now thats entertainment :) equalizer was a good film btw :))
id1	id2	positive	None	you cant miss bokampers new thursday night football , giants vs redskins with insane food & amp ; drink specials & amp ; miami dolphins ticket giveaways
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow annabelle with love
id1	id2	positive	None	royals rumblings for october 17 . the royals are the future of baseball , expensive ws tix and #bringbacksungwoo URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER want to introduce you 2 : you do similar brilliant work @USER planning march of dead women to parliament
id1	id2	neutral	None	fec hold farewell session for maku , obanikoro , five others : president goodluck jonathan on wednesday led the f ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if i didnt yell at someone about taylor swift or kesha then the entire day was a waste . try to be better tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	im sick of bears fans that slander the packers just to slander the packers . weve been their bitch for 2 decades now man cmon
id1	id2	positive	None	nollywood rising with october 1 kunle afolayan is the most important ambassador the nigerian government does no ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	guys johnny pesak 1998 def ushl futures draft for green bay playing major midget for the soo indians and 3rd in scoring
id1	id2	positive	None	seriously nothing better than playing under the friday night lights
id1	id2	neutral	None	might just watch the 3rd season of american horror story tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	another local derby saturday , we travel the short trip to welbeck for a 3 pm kick off #uptheceltic
id1	id2	positive	None	need car financing ? toyota of hollywood has you covered ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im liking the chances that ben affleck shows up to the izzone campout tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	work at 4am and then school from 9-12 . coffee and red bull are going to be my best friends tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ben affleck with @USER before thursday practice #spartandawgs URL
id1	id2	negative	None	so were likely to face atletico in the 2nd round and barca in the qfs ( if we go through ) ... this wont be easy #copadelrey
id1	id2	positive	None	wee movie day .. war of the worlds , 2012 , day after tomorrow , independence day , ponyo , totoro , and few more added in for good taste
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you bought spx on 9/23 then mocked sellers on friday . now you posted this joke ? anyone who bought monday even did better than you
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER this will be me when nashs new video with skylynn is up tomorrow URL same
id1	id2	neutral	None	might see if atleti can claw their way back into this game in 2nd half , but you get the feeling siquiera needed to score that penalty
id1	id2	neutral	None	a maxwell mix . catch him this friday night with chico g and guest cc : disco ! for groove control ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i really wanna go to knotts on the 31st
id1	id2	positive	None	i think i may buy some pretty xmas decorations for the new tree tomorrow . :d one thing i do like about xmas !
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you have the colts or bengals this sunday ? we want to know why !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i began my second season with ferrari last night with a win in australia , alonso came 6th
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i just sayin ... they were coming anyway tomorrow ... besides kyle he had to go to farmville or something after football game
id1	id2	neutral	None	time for a new poll . what will you do next friday night when the royals are playing game no . 3 of the world series ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the official hashtag for the arsenal vs hull game tomorrow is #arshull . lolz
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER sits down with a sunday conversation with the big bang theorys johnny galecki . #tbbt URL
id1	id2	negative	None	still havent watched the 2nd episode of ahs yet dear lord
id1	id2	neutral	None	luca di montezemolo ( whos last day was monday ) on why alonso is leaving ferrari : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cmon guys , calling all the tributes and lawsbians i voted jennifer lawrence for @USER homecoming queen !!! URL #mockingjay
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to disney world , october 3 .
id1	id2	negative	None	obama is a ditherer . ( or you can call him a deep thinker . both correct . ) but for the love of ebola , do something . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	how about a day of action and meetups on sat oct 18th with jacqui gingras 9:30 am for coffee @USER mazzega in #lumby well be there :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th odi in dharamsala ( timesnow )
id1	id2	positive	None	i feel for lee soo man and their friends and family , may she rest in peace
id1	id2	neutral	None	why dont we just tag on may have ebola any time we refer to someone . the patriots , who all may have contracted ebola , won last night
id1	id2	positive	None	girl scout cookies , made with real girl scouts . ( paraphrased from wednesday adams . ) #ruinadessert
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER just got bradshaw & amp ; a 3rd for asiata , robert woods & amp ; a 4th in dynasty . thoughts ? was using ivory & amp ; asiata to start w murray .
id1	id2	positive	None	#beardown wish us luck ... we may need it . @USER dome for atlanta falcons vs . chicago bears in atlanta , ga ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#friday #goodmorning #weekendishere what nfl game do you dream of attending this season ? make it a reality URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sick of a congress beholden to special interests ? voice your concerns at the fec public forum on october 9th rsvp : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	go support lenny kravitz 1st independent release . hes the atlas of black rock . - URL #itunes
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ok cheers hope youre right . already 54-0 down after thursday night as my opponent had ty hilton and arian foster haha !
id1	id2	neutral	None	via gigaom : facebook may have solved mobile , but google is still struggling with it URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you guys are really putting stoops in an awkward place ... i mean , heupel was his 1st quarterback . they have 14 yrs of history
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER those miles are killer arent they ? haha i want to see dracula untold and then equalizer on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	can we just take a moment and realize halloween is a friday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	should the irish win on saturday , a large contingency of nd fans will rush the field , and move the goalposts again on brian kelly .
id1	id2	positive	None	this may seriously be the scariest fu*king clown ive ever seen ... @USER well done , ahs , well done ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	why the retail industry may struggle to deliver this christmas : vehicle fleets under pressure : URL URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i just want to go the alonso game tomorrow . robinson is lame and its a shame
id1	id2	neutral	None	go to the ahs football game tomorrow to buy halloween fun run tickets
id1	id2	positive	None	come and watch the future bees this saturday as the youth team take on leeds united at jersey road at 11am . then ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im mcing the wearables &amp; tech fashion show that leads into the google party on monday . peep the deets here : URL #tech
id1	id2	neutral	None	its the final day to get your #tickets for our annual gala on sat .! join us & amp ; follow along online with #rethinkinghunger #nyc ...
id1	id2	negative	None	stocks keep falling , but ... by pater tenebrarum : spx slices through 200-dma on monday , the stock market tried ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday random travel facts - did you know ... 1 . dying is illegal in the houses of parliament in england ! 2 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rodgers : in terms of my methods , one thing to clear up is 2nd day recovery . people thinking #lfc players on 2nd day sat at home watching tv
id1	id2	positive	None	redskins see a titan opportunity this weekend : the redskins know sundays game against the 2-4 tennessee titan ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kobe bryant scored 9 points in 1st 7 minutes before taking a rest . by the time he returned with 7:37 left in half , jazz had built 40-24 lead
id1	id2	positive	None	someday i will be able to come back to disney world without vomming . hopefully its in february .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER take saturday . compare byram and bellusci . now because bellusci is more animated does that mean he cares
id1	id2	positive	None	james franklin was absolutely right when he said the team wasnt bowl-eligible despite sanctions being lifted . they may not get there .
id1	id2	neutral	None	weve got some stories about that . coach stoops has a history of being #tooturnt swindle told him sat . you got too much juice .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunanda pushkars son shiv pushkar menon on saturday asked the delhi police to conclude the inquiry into his mothers death expeditiously ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey niall its my 16th birthday tday .. so if u wouldnt mind jst favoriting this . it would mean a lot . hope u have a great day .
id1	id2	negative	None	school tomorrow just killed the awesome vibe i was just in
id1	id2	positive	None	eltonjohn ( tribute band ) to play wayzata - sat 10.11 elton ... well almost , bennie and the jets , an elton john ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	guysss is it true that selenas album is gonna be released on november 24th omggg
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER does kittleson still play rebecca black every friday , if he doesnt you should remind him how much he played that song lol !
id1	id2	positive	None	and overall , #uga units combined rank 3rd nationally in team efficiency points , just behind ole miss and auburn . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fire it up . we will be posting free picks here for the next couple weeks . 5 nfl picks will be up saturday , some cfb plays this wk as well
id1	id2	neutral	None	jan hooks : icecarats designer jewelry 14k madi k synthetic garnet ( jan ) dangle earrings : explore the icecarats design URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday : merica monday tuesday : disney takeover day wednesday : crazy hair &amp; sock day(activity day ) thursday : halloween day friday : spirit day
id1	id2	positive	None	going rib elton all day tomorrow .!
id1	id2	neutral	None	01 oct 2014 rock on dandiya nite at sangam university bhilwara just beat it - video1 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	base case is es 1899 . xx as the high tomorrow and close below spx 200d sma . and then huge gap up and run up on thursday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ive waited a long time to meet you off the field ... tomorrow i get to interview you . welcome to ole miss !
id1	id2	neutral	None	what time e-shop starts monster hunter 4g dl ? tomorrow , capcom tv starts from 6 am . is it the time to open ?
id1	id2	positive	None	omg , it probably means not going into hiding , but hopefully hopefully ot9 made up and jessica is getting a 2nd chance
id1	id2	positive	None	cech set to leave in january : atletico madrid has joined roma and real madrid in the race ... URL [[ ff @USER ]
id1	id2	positive	None	the land before time is on netflix ... i may cry with happy tears
id1	id2	positive	None	arsenal : ozil linked with shock rivals switch : arsenal midfielder mesut ozil has emerged as a surprise january ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	scouting the 12th blue ! get your chelsea home/away jersey with customized printing now ! @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cycling mission with passion team #ride2light rahul kumawat etal at sangam university bhilwara 15 oct 2014 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow morning ill tell you what @USER and @USER talk purple line and the future of the icc in maryland . #mdtraffic #moco
id1	id2	negative	None	tonights yougov : lab 35 , con 30 , ukip 15 , libdem 9 , green 5 . & gt ; not one for the suns front page or a nick robinson analysis i think
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wrong . check the stats - he was nats third leading batter and tied for 2nd in rbi in 2012 nlds . hit a big hr in game 5 .
id1	id2	positive	None	#sportsnews leo eyes record , barca seek boost - in the week that he marked the 10th anniversary of his competitive ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	everybody going to knotts saturday i got people from school and people from downey asking me if im going
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st thoughts re eltons oscar party : will adam be back in la ( tour is over by then lol ) and will he get invited again ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	coach presents ... an21 friday 21 november 2014 . in association with ace of clubs . support from hix and niall ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	going to knotts scary farm on the 18th for bsu . yall should come !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	totally forgot about tvd bc i was too busy studying for my fucking test tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	anyway enough about me being sad steal my girl video tomorrow wwat film today #emabiggestfans1d #stealmygirlvideo URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos name shall i get on the 3rd kit ? chicha , isco or illarra ? help please !
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday #corn day ? will we make a run higher today or go quietly into the weekend ? short term bulls fighting long term bears ...
id1	id2	negative	None	not going to be able to watch tvd live !!! i have two fucking tests tomorrow and a lit homework . fml
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think i may have an obsession with demi lovatos laugh . im pretty sure i do .
id1	id2	negative	None	wont be able to see @USER s new video with skylynn until tomorrow now that i have to go to sleep cause i have stupid college tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i could prattle on about 90s music all night long . radio head , weezer , green day , stone temple pilots , the offspring , 3rd eye blind
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday , donny , is shabbos , the jewish day of rest . that means that i dont work , i dont get in a car
id1	id2	positive	None	friday night lights is one of the /cutest/ shows ive seen .
id1	id2	positive	None	found dont let the sun go down on me by elton john with #shazam . elton still the boss #eltonjohn URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	275 photos of 01 oct 2014 rock on dandiya nite at sangam university bhilwara just beat it - grab it in picasa web URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER cristano ego may have rubbed off on james rodriguez hell yeah it did
id1	id2	positive	None	james rodriguez is going to be at red bull arena on friday like please come to the game on saturday and find me
id1	id2	positive	None	hey guys ! im leaving tonight to montreal to see demi lovato on sunday ! if i have wifi , ill tweet everything of course :) xx seeya !
id1	id2	positive	None	feels like its been a while since ive been on here properly ! hows everyone ? looking forward to chelsea being back in my life tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER ive heard good things about bianchi this season and bellusci was good on saturday
id1	id2	positive	None	looking to expand my team with #younique #uk can join now and start selling november 1st . youniques natural based products .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you coming to my house saturday in the morning you arent coming back lol im going to knotts
id1	id2	neutral	None	i bet liam wrote fools gold and niall wrote nights changes while harryandlouis sat in the back of the room making out URL
id1	id2	negative	None	jessica is not going to come back to ot9 as sad as that may be , you have to understand that .
id1	id2	neutral	None	heres my line of 3d fiber mascara that i will be selling , younique . message me for any info/questions you may have ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	as he wont be taking part in the #usagp qualifying , vettel asked : do you have any suggestions on how i could spend my saturday in austin ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may have just mentally assembled the most insane conspiracy web about the dr. luke / kesha sitch .
id1	id2	positive	None	rebecca blacks friday is still at the top of my playlist . #coolkid
id1	id2	negative	None	it is not just poor management of the municipal solid waste that may cause failure of swachh bharat campaign in bhopal
id1	id2	neutral	None	join toyota at igem this sunday . on display is the concept car ft-bh . want to know more ? click here : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dans the big bang theory sheldon cest mon favoris ptn
id1	id2	neutral	None	boutta wear all @USER gear to the redskins game this sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think youre thinking of katy perrys last friday night ? that vid is pretty funny . not really selling sex
id1	id2	neutral	None	jessicas main abuser met her shortly after her 14th birthday and - despite being known to the police and social ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i have the same feeling about going home tomorrow as i get before my family & amp ; i go on a trip to disney world . #cantsleep #soexcited
id1	id2	positive	None	if todd gurley isnt the 1st overall pick idk what the hell these nfl scouts are watching , hes by far the most dominant player in cfb
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER who do you have this saturday udub or ducks
id1	id2	positive	None	african obama : uhuru to break record , shock the world on 8th - 53 presidents may accompany him to icc
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER shutup you fat inbred hypocritical slut . i hope you and everyone who works for the sun get ebola . you fat pig .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going by the white house tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	madrid manager carlo ancelotti admits he is keen to return to the sporting paradise which is the premier league one day . sun
id1	id2	neutral	None	oct 16 : habibur shiekh ( most wanted ) operative of the terror module and trainer at the simulia madrassa arrested by nia #burdwanterror
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is just like watching a europa league game . bonus points for putting it on thursday night as well
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cmon tegan youre better than that . smh . furreal .
id1	id2	positive	None	: carlo ancelotti : levante are a strong team . we must be the best real madrid team we can be to win tomorrow . #halamadrid
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at l &amp; #8217 ; arc . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	omg did yall see that video with kris jenner dancing to tuesday ... dfl too cute and funny
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited !! i sing the national anthem for my hometown tennessee titians ! oct 26th . 1st nfl game URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ncs choir concert this thursday night !! donny on bass guitar and singing with mixed ensemble . whos going ??
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont want to go to school on monday . i would love to cuddle with niall instead . but this will never ever happen , lol .
id1	id2	neutral	None	modi launched yesday . unified single portal was launched by upa govt under the then labour minister oscar fernandes in fe @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	ive been watching that american horror story , only on the 2nd season but its really quite good . definitely my kind of show .
id1	id2	negative	None	oh .. im sorry , matt adams took madbum deep in the 4th to make it 3-2 cards ? please tell me again hes better than kershaw . #dafuckouttahere
id1	id2	neutral	None	#evertons europa league clash away at lille on oct 23 is now sold out . all 5,274 allocated tickets have gone say the club .
id1	id2	neutral	None	abc : giant pandas may be cute , but it takes a lot of work to support their lives in captivity : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good analysis , will watch the vid tomorrow . i hope so . i definitely think its the right move , alonso or not .
id1	id2	positive	None	i may not like the walking dead but norman reedus is pretty attractive .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my daughter was so looking forward to seeing you at wembley in sunday . shes cried since finding out . get well soon ashton xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	i predict cowboys may be 8-2 ( at worst ) going into bye week with the possible loss being to arizona . @USER @USER thoughts ?
id1	id2	positive	None	#tbt wwa concert back in august . best day of my life ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday final ratings : the voice & amp ; dancing with the stars adjusted up ; the big bang theory & amp ; castle down URL
id1	id2	positive	None	such a lovely table decoration for a special night !!! may you smell christmas ?? #london #hr #jobs #recruiter URL
id1	id2	positive	None	caught up on the big bang theory so its been a very productive friday
id1	id2	negative	None	shazia ilmi joined bjps swachh bharat campaign . noble intentions or may be the fact that no woman likes to be ignored for a long time .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if i was cadi and aaron samuels asked me what day it is i would probably say october 29th or something because i never know what day it is .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just saw it advertising in the telly that the big bang theory starts on the 23rd of october ! #yas #tbbt #newseries
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to chase bryant at us bank arena in cincinnati , oh - oct 9 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	redskins might make jake locker look like dan marino this sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	subscribe to nashs channel to see when his new youtube video with skylynn is uploaded tomorrow ! @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER check out this video with brian may , elton , stevie , etc . 4 children in need ! fabulous ! xo URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	total silence on yougovs 10pm poll for the sun tonight . of course , this has no bearing whatsoever on what it might reveal .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER how old ? the royals were the 1st wild card team . theyd have been in either way .
id1	id2	positive	None	watched draft day tonight and it deserves a big thumbs up . dont know much about nfl so im going to buy the nfl game on ps3 tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	the only thing that could be better than aaron samuels doing the jingle bell rock dance on dancing with the stars is if it was on october 3
id1	id2	neutral	None	thinking about going to valley state or ole miss homecoming on saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just started watching ahs on netflix on monday and i finished the season just now . i think i have a problem .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my edition of cadys and aaron samuels encounter : on october 8th , he asked me if he was doing the lab correctly . i said no .
id1	id2	neutral	None	google reveals the $649 nexus 6 , pre-orders begin on october 29th URL #nexus #google #android
id1	id2	neutral	None	watched annabelle for the 2nd time !
id1	id2	positive	None	you were hilarious at #paleyfest on saturday norman reedus @USER hope u remember me the next time u come to #singapore haha
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to take pics with my bad bitch annabelle tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	brian cushing had his knee drained on saturday , the night before the cowboys game . mri yesterday , treatment , and now day to day . #texans
id1	id2	positive	None	settled in . coffee in hand . docs open . @USER on . let the morning begin #friday #morning #work #officethings #cbc
id1	id2	neutral	None	real time with bill maher march 9 2012 poor white conservatives from mississippi 720p URL
id1	id2	positive	None	going to the bat centre on thursday night and being a zombie at school the next day . best !
id1	id2	positive	None	on thursday night game helping recruiting , stoops said : i think it helps .
id1	id2	neutral	None	prime minister narendra modi on october 16 launched provident fund portability through the universal account n ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	girls frosh volleyball hosts alton freshman invitational tonight and tomorrow at ahs . play begins at 4:30 pm this afternoon . go redbirds !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	packers te richard rodgers will do some catching up with his dad sunday URL #packers
id1	id2	neutral	None	its kinda weird bc last year ventura was june 23 , this year it was june 22 , and next year its june 21
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just saw your top 20 managers on espnfc , martinez above ancelotti and del bosque ?! also rodgers at 7th ? im a lfc fan but wow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just got back to ohio from la while i was there i saw a guy wearing your jersey on sun . and one at lax yesterday #leahstrong
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi jessica . im on year 9 camp mon-weds . looking forward to making different bonds with my stds #bfc530
id1	id2	negative	None	2 things : gandhi was racist , and its friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	vettel : have you perhaps a few suggestions on how i could spend saturday afternoon in austin ? #f1 #austingp
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER that 4th down play in the colts game back in 09 is one of the dumbest decisions ive ever seen
id1	id2	neutral	None	the royals won 89 games this year and the giants won just 88 both wildcard teams will play next tuesday in kc in the world series .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i hope you wish me happy bday tomorrow niall or ill be so sad
id1	id2	positive	None	jennifer lawrence & amp ; bradley cooper reunite in #serena , out on 24 oct @USER mannequins are looking the part URL
id1	id2	negative	None	will fuller said it got annoying after brian kelly played the florida state fight song during practice on wednesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . ~ julie andrews #motivational #quotes URL
id1	id2	positive	None	catch rainbow valley at the @USER #imaf2014 gala . oct 26 @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	american horror story tonight , denver tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	( asias only ) watch kris jenner on beyond candid with giuliana . tuesday at 8pm ( jkt ) 9pm ( hk/sin ) 10pm ( mal ) one e ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	people infected with hiv may have weight loss , fatigue , counseling may be given before the test , after getting the resul ...
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday ! two more weeks until halloween ! have you seen this fun seasonal image from @USER URL #histology
id1	id2	positive	None	alright godzilla then x-men then equalizer . ill just have to blow one between everu movie to stay awake but im off tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	omg #mufc play on monday night football , times makes me kill my self right now .. f *** off you liverpool , city , arsenal and chelsea
id1	id2	negative	None	were playing hull tomorrow and arsenal havent put a picture of the fa cup on the programme cover . chance missed .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER john cooper clarke tomorrow night . just like the old days ( he says with the fading spirit of yoof in ventura )
id1	id2	positive	None	would 15 people want to come to an @USER gig supporting at the horn on the 29th ? need at least 15 for it to happen
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i know its not october 3rd but im going to disney world so if you wanna come on down come on down !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER modi will come and go ... dynasties may emerge again but if the system is fool-proof no politician can loot the treasury .
id1	id2	positive	None	what a weekend . big blue madness tonight , cats at lsu tomorrow , hawks preds tomorrow , and @USER just bought hawks isles tickets for us
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER whatd you reckon to the game , pal ? all ive taken from it is that may is a gypsy , maguire is a prick n bellusci is a baller .
id1	id2	positive	None	red team plates 1 in the top of 1st on rbi double by @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	report : russian hackers behind jpmorgan chase attack - they may have struck about nine other financial inst ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	geniusfootball : carlo ancelottis 5 january targets to make his side even more stronger/unstoppable ! see : ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nfl : will no . 1 overall pick jadeveon clowney play for the houston texans on monday night football ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	new daily reported on the 5th that lee soo mans wife passed away , succumbed to an illness .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so apparently im going to brookies halloween party tomorrow ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER im terrified of needles and hiv and sex can give hiv and condoms may protect from it
id1	id2	positive	None	#f12014game will also be out tomorrow on ps3/360/pc . its looking beautiful ! check the shine on that mclaren ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	panthers vs . packers preview : two teams coming off games that went down to the wire last week will meet sunday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER only because the jets are playing tonight , im going to a red bull match on sunday . only playoff team in the ny area
id1	id2	positive	None	friends please take the online pledge of swachh bharat for cleaner and better tomorrow .. help me and others to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER new candids : jennifer lawrence out & amp ; out , with her friend laura . ( 1st oct ) . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	report about sunandas death inconclusive : police : new delhi , oct 10 ( ians ) delhi police said friday the foren ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thank god pl football is back tomorrow . cannot wait for the arsenal game even if we are playing with a fraud defence
id1	id2	positive	None	have a great weekend everyone . make it even better by coming to bootcamp ! 9am saturday with liam and 9am sunday with kev !
id1	id2	positive	None	time to think of xmas and pantos ! if youd like to join earsay watch the pantomime 10th january at jersey opera ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	breakdance conversation with jimmy fallon & amp ; brad pitt [ video ] URL via @USER happy friday ladies !
id1	id2	positive	None	im not even ashamed to admit that im going to watch american horror story for my 7 hr long drive to kansas city tomorrow ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun URL
id1	id2	positive	None	saw you like disney @USER @USER @USER - wed love to see you at our show tomorrow or sunday ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER when you were with jessica after the game last friday haha i was there waiting for you to say wassup hahaa
id1	id2	neutral	None	just realized that i attributed whats my age again to green day on monday when its obvi blink 182 . this is what sobriety does to a woman .
id1	id2	positive	None	just saw that i dont have to stream the panthers vs packers game this sunday #fuckyes
id1	id2	positive	None	norman reedus has likened tonights #twdseason5premiere to the fourth of july - i cant wait ! make sure to join us @USER #twdarmy
id1	id2	neutral	None	ventura , ca : see you next wednesday night at the tavern w/ @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER he was . he pulled eren from rose . that very night . possible that he may have injected mikasa with something as well . she acts -
id1	id2	positive	None	celebrating the last 45 years & amp ; looking forward to the next 45 ! thanks for your support . it helps people like chelsea URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it doesnt really count , i was decorating a haunted house for a halloween program tomorrow ... i get paid lots of overtime :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER madam people of maharashtra has voted thinking modi will give them a good cm . so keep silent until 19th . let the result be out
id1	id2	negative	None	im gonna fail tomorrow so fuck it i dont care anymore .. im gonna try to cheer myself up a little and watch the big bang theory .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow ill go to the movies and ill watch wwat again . dont look at me like that , thats the only way ill see them .
id1	id2	negative	None	saturday without leeds united is like sunday without a sunday dinner it doesnt feel normal at all ( ryan )
id1	id2	positive	None	#fff favourite film friday ... jack the bear ( 1993 ) . a young boy learns that real horror does not necessarily always come from halloween !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	the only thing i looked forward to at wwa was cmon cmon
id1	id2	negative	None	aside from the cl final of 05 , the 07 game against arsenal , 2nd leg was the most stressful game i can think of
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER jk . wasnt sure . but the killers , green day , fall out boy , and foo fighters were all i had on my ipod when i got it in 2nd grade
id1	id2	negative	None	drinking all the red bull and still yawning and sleepy . at least its friday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	cool shot from austin city limits festival on saturday with @USER and skrillex #jacku #repost URL
id1	id2	positive	None	some tegan and pepper fun for a friday smile . they both love the same toy . shaky baby was a gift from auntie christy !
id1	id2	negative	None	i found a video of me raging on october 3rd because she never went to disney world
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the bubby brister memorial worst qb of the week goes to christian ponder , - 16.82 . sorry , kid . geno/vick have to be 2nd worst .
id1	id2	positive	None	vampire diaries , greys , scandal , wtgawm #tgit & amp ; the pats game !! so happy its thursday !!
id1	id2	positive	None	happy monday ! do you want younger flawless looking skin ? you must try youniques skin care line ! start seeing ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#yugadu panthers vs . packers : breaking down carolinas game plan : on sunday , the panthers head to green bay to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	some times on friday im still compelled to sing a little rebecca black . just cause .
id1	id2	positive	None	red bull may not give you wings , but the new ipad has them . #appleevent
id1	id2	neutral	None	glenn beck says hell be in the owners box for a redskins game this sunday URL
id1	id2	negative	None	[ url = URL pena[/url ] only 55 . jan hooks at 57 . wtf !!! im getting old . stop it . : ahhh :: ahhh :: ahhh :
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i will have a column on rex for tomorrow . i just dont feel like talking jets right now with the royals doing so well .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gogoi inspired by gandhi , not modi : hief minister tarun gogoi on wednesday clarified that he was not trying to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i had a dream aaron samuels wasnt happy it was october 3rd ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	stoops says one of his players will miss 1st half vs lsu - self imposed penalty for what he calls selfishness on the field . no name given
id1	id2	neutral	None	money , cash , & amp ; joes tries to prognostic the ohio state game on saturday along with 10 other cfb tilts : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hamp is calling for a christmas market after the success of the rhode lane opening ! interested folks , join us 22nd at 5.30 pm , sunnyside up !
id1	id2	neutral	None	on oct 29th , vettel will drive the infiniti q50 eau rouge up & amp ; down congress avenue in downtown austin URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	we held our own with rodgers and hes a better qb than cutler . our d just needs to get tackling 101 & amp ; coverages down by sunday #phinsup
id1	id2	neutral	None	swachh bharat abhiyan- you can see leaders and officers photographs holding sweepings , then onwards you may find tem smoking and spitting !
id1	id2	neutral	None	donny : how come you dont roll on saturday , walter ? walter sobchak : im shomer shabbos .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you may just google the name of the hoodie too and it may come up that way . thats worked for me sometimes too .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its october 17th and i just saw a christmas commercial ...
id1	id2	positive	None	forward chris maguire has claimed the team spirit at sheffield wednesday is the best he has ever known it . #swfc #theowls #wawaw
id1	id2	negative	None	if the wild rumours about alonsos 2015 salary being thrown around are true , that diamond encrusted mono-brow comb may be getting closer ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is friday which means that im 8 hours away from spending the next two days watching netflix in my pjs .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thats very interesting ! ill be going out on trips often between now and xmas but i can after nov 14 and then most dec up to 22
id1	id2	neutral	None	the color orange is 50/50 in my mind . 1st the good : orangutans & amp ; the netflix show . now the awful : boehners face & amp ; trumps hair .
id1	id2	positive	None	so my moms birthday is tomorrow , so i ask uncle google . i probably just kiss her URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	will the colt mccoy era begin in sundays redskins game against the titans ? @USER thinks so : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER id prob say 3rd or 4th . all it takes is 1 team to fall in love tho . see ej manuel & amp ; christian ponder
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER dude cant get on the pitch at all . ancelotti is wise to ship him to us in january before he inevitably comes for free
id1	id2	negative	None	down 27 , why not bring kobe bryant and carlos boozer for the 4th quarter . why not .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just watched wwat concert film !! very excited ! sooo amazing ;) ill go to the theater tomorrow , too ! cant wait !! love you niall !
id1	id2	negative	None	england on a thursday night ? even the fa has realised we are only good enough for the europa league .
id1	id2	neutral	None	kesha sues dr luke , claiming sexual assault by the star producer : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	its october 4th . lets be real , aaron samuels probably asked her the date then too . that guy was a tool . #meangirls
id1	id2	positive	None	special gala at work tomorrow . gonna be a busy day ... #timetosleep
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER first jan hooks , and now elizabeth pena . both with really no explanation , either . rip , ladies . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	es was 1899.5 at 4pm friday . thats where it is now . thus , spx indicated to open flat .
id1	id2	positive	None	need some 7th inning magic if we hit kershaw twice in the 7th inning to win games we can do it to anybody
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i sat gates . but i have olsen instead . shoulda started both of them instead of asiata in the flex .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st i was fishing 2nd i was talking about the galatasaray game
id1	id2	neutral	None	teddy bridgewater with his 2nd int of the day . this one on asiata though . gotta make the catch .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER has a mini-fridge in her bedroom that she seems very proud of . r.i.p. jan hooks . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	in my opinion ... making jokes about hiv , helps me personally cope with living with the virus . i know others may ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	what have you got planned for halloween ? friday 31st of october we party with the ghouls and ghosts ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i met you in lax in august ive been trying to get a follow from you since i met u , follow me pls ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	live as if you were going to die tomorrow . learn as if you were to live forever . - gandhi #wisewords
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lets hope they beat leeds united , are you going to the match tomorrow , come on u millers !!! #rufc
id1	id2	positive	None	you know its friday when im in bed with a hot pocket and gilmore girls
id1	id2	positive	None	sangam university bhilwara salutes nobel peace laureates to celebrate international day of the girl child 11 oct 2014 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	final vw data due july 31 , seen neck-and-neck with toyota
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER as good as isco may be . hes not hazard or reus level yet . james is only being compared because of the world cup
id1	id2	positive	None	friday night lights ... cheer on bishop mcnamara at home tonight as they take on st. ignatius ! sophomore game ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ive been watching gilmore girls for the past 3 hours . oops , happy thursday !
id1	id2	positive	None	casillas : when ancelotti told me that i will play the cups , i thought it may be a very good year or a very bad year and it went well .
id1	id2	positive	None	im getting ready for annabelle tomorrow night- i hope ill get a good night of sleep tonight . #theconjuring
id1	id2	negative	None	fridays are so hard cause you cant go on anything without almost finding out what happens in tvd
id1	id2	neutral	None	if anybody remembers nostradamus and his predictions . i think the mysterious leader described by him may be narendra modi .
id1	id2	positive	None	carlo ancelottis 5 january targets to make his side even more stronger/unstoppable ! see : URL . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER my only bradshaw concern is its thurs game-only 4 day rest-scared of injury . would you drop asiata for someone on waiver ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	cowboys vs giants a little preview of whats going to be happening on sunday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rutos last words : you may forget me , but ill never forget you . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday to those who work outside the home and the weekend means something to . today is 9 fridays till christmas . 6 fridays till advent
id1	id2	neutral	None	selena new album will be released on 24 november . information goes , that his title will for you . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	may or may not do liam dms in the morning . depends how awake i am and how much time idrk but ill do more tomorrow night for sure so ya
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the only day i will ever wish i went to msu .. & amp ; it is only because of the possibility of seeing ben affleck
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is thirsty thursday ! get a beer + cold shot combo for only $5 all day long . join us for the green bay ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	all im saying is if charles darwin is a short answer on this exam tomorrow that short answer box wouldnt be ready for the anal penetration
id1	id2	positive	None	i won the 2nd star in my mclaren 12c in #csrracing #raceyourfriends . download free ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nicholas hoult says sex scenes with kristen stewart were hobbit like : jennifer lawrence may want ... URL #topstories
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER carlo ancelotti after lvg and then may be giggs . not a big fan of guardiola , despite the success .
id1	id2	positive	None	some electro glam rock to get you through monday . apes & amp ; androids : blood moon URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER john terry is due to captain chelsea from the start for the 500th occasion tomorrow ... URL playing legend
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday morn #edurebelplaylist is all about good riddance by green day . adieu . @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	its 16 oct 1834 and the ancient houses of parliament are on fire : @USER is live-tweeting this forgotten national catastrophe
id1	id2	positive	None	its mean girls appreciation day ! its october 3rd ! thats the day aaron samuels asked me what day it was ... oh i ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ukenyatta jetting into the country tomorrow yet ruto hasnt even shed enough tears about his acting presidency position
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER may be you are unfit for swachh bharat
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER rodgers has been down by 9 + in the 2nd half a total of seven times . what a worthless article
id1	id2	positive	None	mvp saturday night is gonna be my boy @USER the speed on the outside and his cut back ability .. lsu will have their hands full #bbn
id1	id2	positive	None	in just over one week i will be in blue and silver watching the #cowboys destroy the redskins on monday night football ! so psyched
id1	id2	negative	None	lost boy , disconnected , never be , independence day , tomorrow never dies , heartache , if you dont know , superhero , wherever you are
id1	id2	neutral	None	with arsenal in the middle of a major injury crisis , who could they sign in january ? URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i like that theyre just putting all the things in monster hunter . may have to finally get into this series .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dear @USER please air the green bay vs carolina game on sunday in the north mississippi area . sincerely , @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	3 years ago tomorrow i was on my way to forres for the first time to meet liams family , so many memories are flooding back aw aw aw !
id1	id2	neutral	None	no good deed , equalizer , last week annabelle , friday we saw addicted now today going to see gone girl ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER dwayne allen destroyed brian cushing on the 1st down run . such a complete te URL of many great blocks
id1	id2	neutral	None	pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday prime minister narendra modi will interact with the URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER leaving disneyland after only an hour to buy impromptu floor seats to the show in la on nialls 21st birthday #millionmemories
id1	id2	neutral	None	im 20 , its friday and the only thing ive got to look forward to today is going on netflix and watching season 2 ep 9 of gossip girl #trap
id1	id2	neutral	None	pm narendra modi to address top military commanders on friday : prime minister narendra modi will interact with the countrys top mili ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i really hope the colts play the pats 1st round , colts will play way better . have a better run defense
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hollyoaks was amazing tonight ! the 7:00 one omg glad tegan and freddie are alright ! cant wait for tomorrow nights :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you giving away meet and greet passes for demi lovato on monday ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	i swear im going to every monday wonders over xmas possible
id1	id2	neutral	None	jimmy fallon rolls out the first chuckle of finally friday with mike & amp ; danas line of the night at 6:20 am on genuine country kicks 99 !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER did you watch the 1st episode of american horror story yet so you can understand why i refuse to watch the rest of it ?!?!?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i mean cmon look at ashton playing the drums
id1	id2	positive	None	might be going for the lsu game saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just sat here thinking about liam and louis changing their world the whole world
id1	id2	positive	None	on november 24 , the album will come out of the greatest hits selena , called for you best hits including +2 new songs . omg whatvhdjd
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	my friday consists of netflix and hot tea alll day long .
id1	id2	positive	None	what a difference not having sterling on the pitch makes ! welbeck dragged wide 1st half , the ox replaces sterling , welbeck down middle , goal
id1	id2	neutral	None	keshas camp speaks out on dr. luke abuse allegations : following the news tuesday of kesh ... URL #party #radio #music
id1	id2	neutral	None	selenas greatest hits album is set to come out november 24th and its called for you .
id1	id2	positive	None	home from roadtrip and foodtrip gala with mah homies @USER and #pipoy . hahahaha . gala pa more . see you again tomorrow ! :3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER see you saturday - got to tell you i have a soft spot for the royals after how they have played the post season
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER kyle you fall in 5th place in the mario party standings : 1st bryan 2nd bfish 3rd fish 4th andre 5th kyle
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER alert-1st finish internal enemies(im , simi , cpi-ml ) with free hand to ib , nsg , nia . learn from indian history .
id1	id2	positive	None	meal and annabelle tonight then hull fair tomorrow ! this could be a good weekend !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yay ! may i recommend eating it by the spoonful while watching gilmore girls ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	a lot of guesses on my friday trivia . the correct answers are priest holmes and arian foster .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the out of steal my girl , next day , out of wwat film , the next day ,,, im gonna die because of excitement ...
id1	id2	positive	None	since my mom bought me my wwa ticket , i have to get her really good christmas and birthday gifts this december . it needs to be the best
id1	id2	negative	None	arian foster rips thursday night football : no one likes it URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fernando alonso has already signed for mclaren according to niki lauda , who claims he signed last thursday
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the day ladies & amp ; gentlemen , please all hail the vampire diaries is on tom
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER can you take me to the ducks game tomorrow im broke
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tbt to the first time @USER and i visited ole miss , fall 2011 - see you tomorrow , oxford ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#baltimore #job 2nd shift operations leader - baltimore pdc at toyota ( baltimore , md ): toyota ( nyse : tm ) , the w ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think the relationship btw uhuru & amp ; ruto is not plastic(its real) ! they are royal & amp ; trustfull as the case may be !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know it isnt even halloween but im sitting her listening to holiday wishesfor the 2nd time . i absolutely love it .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER he led us nowhere ( got past the bulls in the 2012 1st rd . with rose out ) wouldnt have been close if he was in
id1	id2	positive	None	01 oct 2014 rock on dandiya nite at sangam university bhilwara just beat it URL
id1	id2	negative	None	hold up ... dont trust the b in apt 23 and better off ted only got 2 seasons each and the big bang theory is on its 8th ?? #thereisnogod
id1	id2	negative	None	a$ap mob are at fucking earls court on the 30th for red bull culture class and its motherfucking sold out fucking fuck
id1	id2	neutral	None	another #fascinating #friday #fact the #us presidents residence , the white house has 35 bathrooms #spoitforchoice URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i miss that trip to knotts from 8th grades with my friends . dang good times
id1	id2	negative	None	narendra modis 3 tweets on black money from march . what is he if not a #blatantliar ? #bjpblackmoneydhokha URL
id1	id2	negative	None	they were talking about the teen awards on sunday and they mentioned ashton being sick :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	kris jenner gets kandid : 9 shocking secrets and admissions ! she may not be starring in any keeping up with the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wow & amp ; flutter pays tribute to ikey owens , mark bell ( lfo ) and jan hooks tonight . also , living people . URL @USER pt .
id1	id2	positive	None	wakey wakey ! its saturday shopping day ! make sure to awaken your gorgeous eyes with youniques 3d fiber lash ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER to extend the first one a bit further out : lenny kravitzs 1st cousin once-removed is al roker of the today show .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hi , was offered the 6 months free netflix last tuesday and was told it takes 5 days to receive a code but havent got anything
id1	id2	neutral	None	i cant tell if red bull are about to sell or if theyre just waiting until jozy is available in january . #mls
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hell , uk is 16th , but i doubt that number is accurate . other teams have played better comp . stanford , ole miss are the best .
id1	id2	neutral	None	toyota townace-wed on the ex parte lever pertinent to toyota : cehod
id1	id2	positive	None	christian ponder may not be a great qb but he is a great individual . shout out to him for his act of kindness .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER im bout to run yu just wait till monday night when arian foster finish yu off !
id1	id2	positive	None	this picture sums it all up ! i am headed on my 2nd earned trip with younique in just a few days . i got my ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ugh just learned a gilmore girls spoiler . does it still count as a spoiler if a show has been off the air for the life-span of a 1st grader ?
id1	id2	negative	None	cmon kris jenner ... who do you think you are fooling ? we all know you dont fucking cook ... lmfao URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	thinking about this cowboys vs colts game in december
id1	id2	positive	None	hey there my bro @USER may you help shed like on the presidency issue in your country . whats going on re : uhuru kenyatta and ruto ?
id1	id2	positive	None	this is seems relevant with both mississipppi teams in the top 5 . article from april from a writer with ole miss ties URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday !!! stephen colbert sings friday with jimmy fallon and the roots ( late night with jimmy fallon ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going to see slipknot and korn in january at the nia in birmingham ?
id1	id2	positive	None	bring back the magic of christmas ! URL santa loves julie andrews !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just the 8th game into d season and d so called experts already know chelsea will go unbeaten and my dear @USER will drop from top 4 #afc
id1	id2	positive	None	yeah - friday ! opportunities abound . ive see the toyota trucks with yo on the tailgate . today i was a mitsubishi that said t u shi
id1	id2	positive	None	i ordered the crossed out monday shirt that niall wore on tour at 1 am this morning . why ? because i cant be stopped .
id1	id2	positive	None	ladies ... dont forget you drink free every thursday night at cowboys 6pm -10pm . stuart has dj cuba from 8pm - close . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wish your match with barca vs eibar will success this sunday ... show us your charm ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	my phone interview with disney world for the web design internship is tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	indian govt had no outstanding loans with rbi in week ended oct . 10 : oct 17 ( reuters ) - india had no outstandi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	shows how much you can trust drivers answering these questions . alonso was still saying on monday that ferrari split is just a rumor . #f1
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you are the best ! always ... happy birthday to mingus tomorrow ... love you norman reedus
id1	id2	neutral	None	okay , we all know that the royals an giants are going at it next tuesday 6:30 central time ... but look who hit ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	2010 city have their best ever premiership season , finishing 5th , qualifying for the europa league and reaching the league cup semi final .
id1	id2	negative	None	wesley sneijder has been linked with a free transfer move to chelsea as he may quit galatasaray if he is not paid . #cfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER look at all the media coverage of #bahrain regimes arrest of nabeel rajab 1 oct 2014 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tbt to tik tok by kesha ... that shit was the knock in 6th grade
id1	id2	negative	None	when they said stoops has been chagrined by 3rd down problems it sounded like they meant ou having problems .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER tomorrow afternoon ! ventura is daily . hopefully it will contain a ton of returns !
id1	id2	negative	None	not at all happy that we cant play fall ball on saturday , i always look forward to the green bay fall ball teams games , really bummed out
id1	id2	negative	None	my mama paying for that dumb ass hulu shxt she may as well get netflix .
id1	id2	positive	None	charles darwins own dad thought he was lazy . even if you are having a bad day , theres always tomorrow : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER donny leaving kershaw in the 6th inning in game 1 . fucken memorable !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	im enjoying american horror story as a creepy drama now . i miss the 1st season when it was actually a horror show .
id1	id2	negative	None	so who wants to go and watch annabelle with me on saturday night my girlfriend is being to much of a pussy #annabelle URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thursdays are better than every other day bc scandal and vampire diaries
id1	id2	positive	None	[[ sighs sadly , beckoning @USER into my arms . ]] it may seem like that now but you have tegan , thats something that went right .
id1	id2	neutral	None	kris jenner had an affair w lionel richie in the 80s an he may b khloes dad ... that makes sense doe ? why cus shes dancin on the ceilin ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	just informed my mother of the fact that im skipping school tomorrow to binge watch vampire diaries
id1	id2	neutral	None	just bought tickets for the ducks game next sunday !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	huge run by simmons ! keeps @USER in the lead it is 10-7 halfway through the 1st qtr .
id1	id2	positive	None	at his press conference tonight , brian kelly said eilar hardy may be allowed to return to the team after the bye week .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER alert-1st finish internal enemies(im , simi , cpi-ml ) with free hand to ib , nsg , nia . learn from indian history .
id1	id2	positive	None	tennessee vols will be the 2nd best team ole miss has played this season
id1	id2	neutral	None	isco and khedira to be sold in january in order to make room for marco reus . dortmund willing to cash in before his contract expires
id1	id2	positive	None	defo going five guys and to watch annabelle tomorrow even if i have no one to go with hahaha
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just watched wwat concert film !! very excited ! sooo amazing ;) ill go to the theater tomorrow , too ! cant wait !! love you niall !
id1	id2	positive	None	i miss barca and im very happy the match is tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	toyota hybrids but keep busy credits-buy up in the past december 1st : vmplplfdr
id1	id2	negative	None	sometimes google scares the crap out of me URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just won a pair of @USER & amp ; @USER tickets for ventura tomorrow , anyone want the extra tix ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may not like the seahawks as a team , but russell wilson is the real deal when it comes to role models .
id1	id2	neutral	None	cech set to leave in january : atletico madrid has joined roma and real madrid in the race to sign chelsea outc ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	so tired of chelsea and their mind games with costa injuries . watch him start and play 90 minutes tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i feel really compelled to write some oct 3rd fanfic where aaron samuels dies on oct 3rd and his last words are what day is it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyssa just said that when the boys started singing cmon cmon at wwa all she thought about was me
id1	id2	positive	None	on the 4th day of xmas my true love gave to me , 4 mini drumlets , 3 french fries , 2 apple pies & amp ; a chicken from kfc ~ #fastfooddaysofxmas
id1	id2	neutral	None	blood moon : blood moons : decoding the imminent heavenly signs : the sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon i URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#superkamifantasyguru not likin this zimmer u just said that asiata was demoted after sun . game make up ur damn mind URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER new video comes out tomorrow !! i seriously cant wait especially since skylynn is going to be in it ! they look so cute together !
id1	id2	positive	None	triton central football is 2-0 in icc games vs speedway . make it 3-0 & amp ; tigers will be outright conference champs . sparkplugs @USER friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well happy afternoon !! things are good its going to be a lot better when the redskins win this sunday !! how have you been ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER green bay drafted rogers at about the same spot and he sat for years . obviously a wasted pick . smh #findarealsportsstory
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER #tbt my 1st ducks game , only took 15yrs to get there ! best day ever ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched the whole 2nd season of ahs in less then 24 hours . im not even ashamed .
id1	id2	negative	None	congrats james franklin ... that was the dumbest call ive seen not only today but maybe ever . 4th & amp ; 11 fake punt sweep , up 3 at midfield lol
id1	id2	negative	None	tough loss for the dolphins last sunday in miami against aaron rodgers & amp ; the green bay packers : 27-24 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer lawrence arriving back at lax airport after being in the uk for the bfi screening of serena ( oct 13th ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	but why do i have to go to college tomorrow . can i just go straight to . l green bay ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	jan hooks : batman returns ( bilingual ) [ import ]: the legendary hero returns to do battle against the mysterious cat wo URL
id1	id2	negative	None	vettel makes 6th engine change so will sit out qualy as he must start from pit row . calls the rules stupid . im not sure hes wrong . #f1
id1	id2	positive	None	here is something fun for you : on the 14th , i am going to have a giveaway . remember that younique mascara i ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	my halloween costume is wednesday adams so basically i just bought a regular outfit
id1	id2	neutral	None	a change in the law may have been made without parliaments consent , writes mark woods . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if i score this saturday im gunna celebrate by dancing the same dance james rodriguez danced in the world cup . ayeee haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	john terry is due to captain chelsea from the start for the 500th occasion tomorrow ... URL #cfc URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i am just unbelievably excited to be leaving tomorrow for green bay . like disney world and a caribbean vacation rolled into one . lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	brian cushing is not listed as out for thursdays game . he did not participate in practice today . mistake was made inputting to the nfl site
id1	id2	neutral	None	brian cushing is not out for thursdays game . he was just one of 11 #texans who did not practice on monday : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	robert griffin iii returns to redskins practice : robert griffin iii returned to practice wednesday for the was ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday night lights are on the agenda , and pigskin of the pro kind , as well , as the gazettes jeff linder ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ahhh ... true . see you tomorrow at packers or at a hs game ... or .. nevermind . youre probably off .
id1	id2	negative	None	us sen. rand paul calls #ebola incredibly contagious , says white house should be honest about how it spreads . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	all of a sudden nobodys talking about june , nobodys talking about the dodgers , about kershaw , mccutchen , bryce harper , or wainwright . :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have released a 5 * nfl + 3 * cfb pick for tonight grab our weekend subscribtion for $49.99 for picks from thu-mon URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	heres the full game story , in which #arksts blake anderson entered the georgia dome concerned about focus . ($) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER oh wednesday do tho ... they won the rumbelows cup in 91 ... theyre up there with barca !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER haha no but im going to disney world in december
id1	id2	negative	None	if the nfl wants better thursday games , theyll need to get qbs other than christian ponder and ryan fitzpatrick playing #ugly #blowout
id1	id2	positive	None	even with this injury the fact that its thursday and i can watch vampire diaries makes me happy . #thevampirediaries
id1	id2	positive	None	i may or may not be looking through all of norman reedus filmography so i can watch all of it
id1	id2	neutral	None	meg-you can watch a horror movie tomorrow if you like me- cabin fever ? meg- what about independence day ? @USER pls educate her
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it was right next to lax , i sat outside and watched the planes land . perfect . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i may snuggle up with a stuffed animal at night , but its widely excepted that im funnier than bill maher . secret genius !
id1	id2	positive	None	cowboys are the 5th best team in the nfc behind eagles , packers , 49ers , cardinals , & amp ; seahawks . i dont care if the beat them sunday . #nfl
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER went to see wwa film on saturday mate ... they didnt have it up outside but i took a pic anyway URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	boho rocker @USER performs at austin city limits festival in the texas capitols zilker park on friday night #aclfest URL
id1	id2	positive	None	and we out . disney here we come . celebrating their 5th birthday in sunny florida with mickey and minnie . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER mostly its the patterson issue , asiata is useless aside from a being decent 3rd down & amp ; goal line rb .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER would love to have you on our show to talk about swachh bharat ! show is live on thursday oct 16 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	andre johnson did not practice today for the #texans . arian foster limited . brian cushing out . all expected to play thursday .
id1	id2	positive	None	best elton john song in 25 years and its not elton . its hozier , bluesy irish singer . URL heavy video . album out tuesday
id1	id2	positive	None	its friday so . . . thank you jimmy fallon for hours of youtube entertainment !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i put brady as second-best qb in league still behind peyton , just ahead of brees at 3rd , rodgers 4th .
id1	id2	positive	None	zarry :) 1st day of wwat vs last day of wwat #emabiggestfans1d URL
id1	id2	positive	None	skybet expect atletico madrid to lead the chase for peter cech if the #cfc keeper still wants to leave in january
id1	id2	negative	None	we got any ole miss and mississippi state fans in the house ?? if you dont , then your team just may suck .
id1	id2	positive	None	kobe bryant is better than the 40th best player . i would say about 25th
id1	id2	positive	None	it may not be the right fit for everyone , but prep therapy can prevent the spread of hiv , read here : URL #hivprevention
id1	id2	positive	None	wear blue & amp ; white tomorrow at school & amp ; the homecoming football game ! lets show our a+ visitors and alumnis our school spirit ! #tpride
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lois lerner has made her living trampling the 1st amendment at the fec and then the irs .
id1	id2	neutral	None	via @USER did russell ask you to address the team before thursdays practice ? brian kelly : keivarae and i had a discussion about i
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER ventura couldnt make it and sundays comp idk
id1	id2	positive	None	nashs video with skylynn is up tomorrow !! subscribe so you dont miss it - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on a scale of 1 to rebecca black how happy are you that its friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	martinez confirms hes in the 18 for tomorrow . ospina got banjaxed by that unpunished late foul against galatasaray .
id1	id2	negative	None	trying to watch ahs at a bar and the sun is just hating me
id1	id2	neutral	None	heres a link to the fecs draft mccutcheon notice of proposed rulemaking , which is on tomorrows agenda : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	you have to watch falcaos 2nd goal for atletico madrid v deportivo , its class
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks a lot like the redskins fumble from this past sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER its october third . the day that aaron samuels talked to cady . we still need a viewing party .
id1	id2	neutral	None	everyones sat listening to anaconda for the 50th time on the radio , and i use @USER i listen to lenny kravitz for the 50th time
id1	id2	positive	None	received the blood moon image today , 16x24 matte paper , and it looks great ! i may have found a new online vendor ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	facebook may have solved mobile , but google is still struggling with it URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	keshas camp speaks out on dr. luke abuse allegations : following the news tuesday of keshas lawsuit against her longtime producer dr. ..
id1	id2	positive	None	from 0 to rebecca black how happy are you its friday ? heres the live #seriea tv sched for us &amp; can to make it happier URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#kobe #nba #lakers kobe bryant , lakers to make preseason returns monday vs . denver nuggets URL #openfollow kbnews
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER he may not be preaching it but it is the result of him appearing on shows like bill maher . this itself is dangerous .
id1	id2	neutral	None	new delhi : cricketing legend sachin tendulkar thursday called on prime minister narendra modi and discussed the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	black tacks on another run in the 4th courtesy leiff clarksons rbi triple . black in front of red 3-0 bottom 4
id1	id2	positive	None	a highlight for my friday nights is watching real time with bill maher listening to him & amp ; his guests bitch about the government
id1	id2	positive	None	every thursday night game- the better qb has had huge games ( ryan , rodgers , luck , manning ) . brady should have a nice night tonight !
id1	id2	negative	None	school tomorrow more like fuck you .
id1	id2	positive	None	nice to see welbeck training well in the photo , hopefully he will bag a goal or two tomorrow against hull ! #afcvhcfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah i trotted out the struggle team of hillman and asiata on sunday lol
id1	id2	positive	None	join @USER now for boosted 4/1 arsenal & amp ; chelsea both to win in the #bpl tomorrow . URL #afc #cfc URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	last match of the tour #noindvwi simply outstanding , dramatic dharamsala ! india 330-6 , 50 overs #indvwi 20th odi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	going to kms because i didnt check fantasy before thursday and left arian foster on my bench ... he got 25 points
id1	id2	positive	None	good to know mclaren were testing an experimental front wing last friday during free practice for the 2015 car
id1	id2	neutral	None	#burdwanblast - nia confirms that rdx was recovered during raids at one rizaul kaims house in burdwan , karim on the run since oct 2 blast
id1	id2	positive	None	best part about thursday is that vampire diaries play .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gallery : bellusci was our goalscorer on saturday , here is a photo gallery from the game ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in one weeks time i managed to binge watch the entire 4th season of gilmore girls and write my stress management plan/paper #multitasker
id1	id2	positive	None	why am i only just watching @USER 25th anniversary gala now ? cant wait to come back to the uk to watch it again in the new year !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	wildcat football v lloyd at home tonight at 7:30 . be there for friday night lights & amp ; stay for 5th q afterwards with laser tag , joust , & amp ; more
id1	id2	positive	None	for bbc sport on the rise and rise of small-town , low-budget , debt-free eibar : URL see them at camp nou v barca tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday everyone ! coffee is on and dont forget we are open late tonight for all you byo lovers ! ;-) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ahs still has me dreaming of clowns ... its friday
id1	id2	positive	None	my saturday night consists of me watching the big bang theory season 7 with cam :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER loved subtweeting ur tweets about how ugly katy perry was in 9th grade
id1	id2	neutral	None	vettel will use 6th engine in austin . he already announced not to take part in qualifying cause he will start from pitlane anyway .
id1	id2	positive	None	watch triscygaming with me on twitch ! URL get in on this cast for some monster hunter ! mon hun sun son !
id1	id2	positive	None	15 august ... independence day of hindusthan ... 15 october ... lets make independence day of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget to sign up for the dc walk to end hiv taking place next saturday from 8:00 - 11:00 am . register here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	heading to west wyalong tomorrow for a couple of hours of dr who , star wars , vikings and mexican food ... as you do
id1	id2	positive	None	on wall street , bulls are upbeat at the conclusion of a volatile week . housing starts + 6.3% . #marketsong : friday on my mind by easybeats
id1	id2	neutral	None	arsenal defensive crisis : seven players that arsene wenger might turn to during the january transfer window URL
id1	id2	positive	None	global tech major cisco chairman john chambers on friday said , narendra modi is going to be great leader . he ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	iker : when ancelotti told me that i will play ucl and the copa , i thought it may be a very good year or a very bad year and it went well .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER nfl & amp ; cfb - thurs . 10/16/14 . team brandes went 2-0 tues with their cfb selections . get thurs plays URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER kinda but i work sunday and im gonna miss the cowboys game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	facebook may have solved mobile , but google is still struggling with it URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER author may just be answering sarcastically & amp ; implying that mikasa doesnt like the other femmes . so he just answered armin . maybe
id1	id2	negative	None	market meltdown on the spx is likely a 3rd wave , nice try to stop the crash , but they cant stop it now ( well dont look like it )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER how you gunna let falcao and james rodriguez beat you guys on saturday ? lol good stuff brutha keep it up
id1	id2	neutral	None	pac 12 play of the week in cfb on thursday night at URL 66% winners last 33 cfb plays !
id1	id2	neutral	None	headed to the bottom of the 7th . east coweta 5 , north cobb 2 ; @USER and @USER with rbi hits off the fence to push 3 run lead .
id1	id2	positive	None	its a big enough anthem down at the icc on a saturday night ! #vaccines #ifyouwanna
id1	id2	neutral	None	hows down to go to knotts scary farm the 25th ? trying to a group going on
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER { once she heard his voice , mikasa sat up with a light groan . } hnn ... i am .. is that you saruhiko ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	hi @USER sorry we dont have po in sm north edsa but you may try our post office at nia road quezon city .
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . - julie andrews
id1	id2	positive	None	rivera says rb jonathan stewart looked good in practice and is confident hell play sunday vs . green bay . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	coffee so strong it could stop a runaway ny train using pure grit if doc oc disabled the brakes & amp ; omg i think my coffee may be spiderman !
id1	id2	neutral	None	a coyote friend of ours has 6 tickets for the redskins game on sunday against the titans , section 219 , rows 10 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you going as wednesday adams ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER u may be right in the end , but it takes 4 wins to wrap up a 7-game series . if cards can rough up kershaw twice , bum can be too .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its been a good year for you @USER every episode of friends is coming to netflix on january 1st URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am not used to being back to the dark side . it is legit jet black , hello wednesday adams haha !
id1	id2	neutral	None	so the real question here is ... is ben affleck coming to the camp out tomorrow or nah ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	ucla study shows why one of the biggest obamacare fears may not come to pass - california healthline URL
id1	id2	positive	None	guys if you have smash bros you may get a free game ! like zelda or mario or monster hunter 3
id1	id2	negative	None	guess who cant go see the wwat film tomorrow because her jaw wont stop swelling to the size of grapefruits :(((
id1	id2	positive	None	ducks game viewing party at the house saturday starting around 3pm . feel free to hit me up and come through ! #huskyhateweek #goducks
id1	id2	negative	None	* desperately attempts to recover his monster hunter portable 3rd character save in the middle of a sem . break crisis * URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER aaron samuels asked cady heron in math class what day it was . and cady responded with october 3rd :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	hundreds of malaysias lawyers and their supporters on thursday ( october 16 ) marched on parliament demanding the government honours its t ...
id1	id2	negative	None	honestly i don think im gonna be able to look at ms rodgers without getting mad tomorrow ... and she will make fun of me anf mr ehlers ughh
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for the vikes game on sunday ... lets hope christian ponder doesnt get off the bench ay ? #skol
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i really dont see what you see in vettel ... care to share . the guy may be 4 time wdc but hes not that great
id1	id2	neutral	None	just in : west indies team to go home after the 4th odi in dharamsala . no 5th odi , no one-off t20 and no three- test series . #indvswi - p ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ nola : lsu tigers central ] last chance to chat about lsu vs . kentucky , join beat writer jim kleinpeter friday , n URL #lsu
id1	id2	neutral	None	book a florida package with us by 31 october & amp ; get a free disney soft toy URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st . starve her of food for at least 5 hours minimum . then let her take a shower while you watch an episode of the big bang theory .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 1st social media experience . sup emma - hope you are enjoying disney !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yes , this is why atleti attack isnt so strong :) im not saying rma attack isnt great ... just not as you may think .
id1	id2	neutral	None	today in 76 , james hunt takes the title battle to the last race by winning the us gp ahead of 3rd placed niki lauda URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lebron james now playing for lsu ... URL in the background said hes a 6th year senior
id1	id2	negative	None	absar is saying on ary news that parliament should do amendments so that ec may use the magnetic ink :) is he mad ? laanat lafafa sahafi
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was so close to getting this place on ventura for the 21st but i need an older crowd
id1	id2	neutral	None	atletico gets the three package from valencia just like everybody else in mestalla . see ya atleti . hello 1st place ! #amunt
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER niki lauda did so , in japan , in 1976 . thats the same niki lauda who said it was safe to race this sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	after the blood moon comes the pumpkin sun URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	4/13 his case will be heard in the third lower criminal court on 19 october 2014 . the continued detention of nabeel rajab comes as a
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER coffee and friday ! its a good day !
id1	id2	negative	None	friday night lights on spotify ? this fridays about to get grimey .
id1	id2	positive	None	2,552,211 people could have seen brian cushing since its 1st mention until it became a trending topic . #trndnl
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck @USER old boy @USER riding tonight in the speedway grand final 1st leg- 7.30 pm sky sports 2 . go kyle !!
id1	id2	positive	None	nash is bae , nash is life but skash ( skylynn and nash ) videos are just the whole package . thursday hurry up pls @USER #nashsnewvideo
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER anytime you even mention the thursday night nfl game , that is the definition of 610am give up
id1	id2	neutral	None	make plans now to join us in december for christmas concerts in north carolina , maryland and florida . share the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in an exclusive extract from amy lawrences new book , invincible , the arsenal manager talks about URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER wtf is wrong with you people . i now need to listen to simmons and you guys . how am i supposed to get work done tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	the fact that cbs is doing their sec game of the week in lexington on the 25th speaks volumes about what stoops has done at uk #bbn
id1	id2	positive	None	#dailynba kobe bryant looked like his old self against the jazz during a 119-86 loss on thursday , making 10-of-23 from the field and ...
id1	id2	positive	None	new event ! join us nov 6 in atlanta , ga to learn more about #ibm pureapplication systems & amp ; tour the georgia dome . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	going in at five tomorrow morning just for an hour earlier finish . things i do for leeds united ... and my liver .
id1	id2	positive	None	#shameless has got to have the best music on tv right now .. best music supervision since friday night lights . love this show @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i am betting by jan 1 we will see a story of someone naming their baby ebola . will you take the over or under on that ?
id1	id2	negative	None	vampire diaries is already ruining my life and im only on the 8th episode of the first season . ok .
id1	id2	positive	None	#tbt i saw katy perry last saturday , it was pretty nice ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#mercedesbenz ptbo will be completely transformed nov 1 , dont miss out on the gala of the season ! #pancreaticcancer #leaveyourwalletathome
id1	id2	positive	None	i just saw norman reedus in his car and i there may or may not be a tear in the corner of my eye because thats daddy
id1	id2	neutral	None	more recently though i think that monster hunter games and yokai watch may have given pokemon the elbow especially in japan .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if anyone in melbourne wants 2 vip tickets to see katy perry on friday the 14th im selling them on ebay :)
id1	id2	positive	None	the horn free day tomorrow . is it possible ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday today . on monday , parliament resumes - the first day of parliament since the general election . ~ gs new zealand
id1	id2	negative	None	#burdwanblast is no mean small incident ! state govt may not c o-o perate with the nia but this incident has invited raw agency too 4 benga l
id1	id2	positive	None	i cried like a baby the 2nd episode of tvd season 6 .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i havent been able to watch tvd live these days due to football . every thurs there is high school fb going on at 8pm . like wtf !
id1	id2	negative	None	not feeling james franklin right now tbh . 4th down wildcat isnt my style . will wait for his recruits though bc thats what hes best at .
id1	id2	positive	None	schedule for tomorrow is further proof that @USER is the greatest organization ever . white house here we come ! #womeninpolitics
id1	id2	positive	None	i know its late but i still havent watched annabelle and im planning to watch it tomorrow so i can celebrate bc this sem is oved haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	our annual count your losses sale runs through sunday october 19th for every loss your nfl team has - you ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the sun political editor says the combined % of con & amp ; lab will be at all time low for this parliament when yougov polling figures released
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER selenas album is coming out november 24th & amp ; its called for you itll include 2 new songs & amp ; 4 old @USER we poor
id1	id2	neutral	None	fernando alonso has already signed for mclaren according to niki lauda , who claims he signed last thursday
id1	id2	positive	None	i won the 2nd star in my mclaren 12c in #csrracing #raceyourfriends . download free ! URL ez
id1	id2	positive	None	thursday is a good day . the vampire diaries , greys anatomy , reign , scandal and how to get away with murder . #tgit
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER my parents wont let me go to a demi lovato concert with my friend . also , i have a hard test tomorrow and im so stressed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	inside the milky way : santa barbara ca ( spx ) oct 17 , 2014 is matter falling into the massive black hole at the center of the milky w ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	you know its friday when rebecca black comes on the radio #tgif
id1	id2	positive	None	so now we got arian foster comin to town and we may be down our best defensive lineman . at least its at home ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i want this day to end fast bc nash is posting his video with skylynn tomorrow im so excited @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	f- ( theres none ) a- amnesia i- independence day t- tomorrow never dies h- heart ache on the big screen URL
id1	id2	positive	None	clean environment can make swachh bharat mission successful : new delhi , oct 14 ( ians ) human resource develop ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER see that wednesday scarf in the packers locker room haha URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if i wanted to see a falcons game id go to the georgia dome . americas team should be on television every sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the second nurse who was diagnosed with ebola after treating thomas eric duncan may have experienced symptoms ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	manchester united will be the 1st team to defeat chelsea this season !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	#lions march down the field and #vikings fans cant blame christian ponder on that . thats not a good sign after coming off 10-day break .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER knotts doesnt have a corporate media empire like universal does . they may just add more stuff to the hanging now
id1	id2	positive	None	well , this is fun : ben affleck addresses the #msu football team at thursdays practice URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well , choices wise may be it makes sense recognizing his form . but im just saying atletis system has a lot of say in it .
id1	id2	negative	None	little by little the australian way of life is being diluted . there may come a day to celebrate xmas & amp ; easter will be considered offensive
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh god im so excited for @USER and skylynns new video tomorrow . it will be freaking awesome
id1	id2	neutral	None	leeds united take to the field against valletta of malta in uefa cup 1st rnd 1st leg 19/9/1979 !!! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just sat here casually daydreaming about norman reedus , you know , as you do at 3:10 on a wednesday afternoon ! love xxx @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	catching up on the last 3 weeks of friday night abc new episodes #abc2020 #tvtag URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	a rep from ucla will be at the pilot center tomorrow during lunch . see you there !
id1	id2	neutral	None	louis , niall , harry , liam , zayn auditioned as solo artists on the x factor the boys became 1d and now their on their 4th album #millionmemories
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait tomorrow 4 the new nash and skylynn video @USER @USER @USER @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER time will tell . apple and google seem to have push ms to be more open , which is good . #win10 may be it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER still get abc and sbs , gotta be the aerial . looks like ill be making the climb tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER landing at no . 40 on the #nbarank list : kobe bryant . ( URL URL lmao hell be number 1 by dec
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good point , id do that but i already wasted a dang rb spot with asiata on thursday lol .
id1	id2	negative	None	james rodriguez just told me he doesnt want to play for me anymore on fifa career mode so i might cry during lectures tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	tegan and sara @USER bok monday night . #teganandsara #rockthebok URL
id1	id2	positive	None	would you like to join us at our annual gala at the sandman signature resort on oct 25 ? contact our centre at 6042773100 for tickets !
id1	id2	positive	None	thank god for red bull , im gonna have to chug like 3 of them to start my day tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	school is over and its friday i love life
id1	id2	positive	None	first thurs night football in lax and the patriots are playing the jets , and the pats are winning , perfect ! #nyjvsne #nfl
id1	id2	neutral	None	the coast guard station port oconnor boatcrews had a busy day friday with two search and rescue operations . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER start two engineering branches first time in the world ( 1)water ( 2 ) garbage utilisation.it may be supprt swachh bharat , campaign .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER carlo ancelotti : of course i would sign lionel messi . tomorrow well read this . were just kidding . xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	wickedness : man , 32 , infects two kids with hiv : a 32 year old man terkura iorpuu was on thursday arraigned bef ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to seeing whats going to happen in #lesotho tomorrow ... parliament is opening ... fact &gt; governments of coalition dont work
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dude , cmon . bears are going to the georgia dome . thats the one place the falcons can win .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER whats ur take on job stoops is doing @USER 2-10 to 5-1 , a missed call away from 6-0 and sole possession of 1st in the east
id1	id2	positive	None	this will be me when nashs new video with skylynn is up tomorrow URL
id1	id2	negative	None	when i realized i missed the vampire diaries i real life sat there for a minute .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to watch the bulls play smu on saturday , coach is all packed up , wish i could be there , lets go #south florida !
id1	id2	neutral	None	selenas greatest hits album will come out november 24th , & amp ; its called for you it will include 2 new songs & amp ; 4 old songs !! hzkjkanajajans
id1	id2	neutral	None	$lake 3 day rule applies for bulls and bears on momo runs . lake 3 red days = discount expect a big push tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	4th down at your own 2 and james franklin takes a timeout to save the delay penalty
id1	id2	negative	None	things i have learned since oct 1 : people are still very bitter about gilmore girls .
id1	id2	positive	None	kunle afolayan has raised the bar to another level with october 1 . not sure there are many who can meet up or raise the bar in nigeria !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i got ducks game tomorrow . diana called me and said she will be down there .
id1	id2	positive	None	this is streaming on netflix saturday november 15th ! well be watching , i hope we get selected for the swag to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	275 photos of 01 oct 2014 rock on dandiya nite at sangam university bhilwara just beat it - grab it in picasa web URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the cure - friday im in love : URL . there are also great songs with friday in the title not just that rebecca black shit
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may the gods be praised . i love netflix .
id1	id2	neutral	None	who will be narendra modis choice for the post of cabinet secretary ? : new delhi , oct 17 : soon , narendr ... URL #india
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im not saying mannion is a bad qb . i think he is nfl ready but wheaton and cooks may have made him look better than he is
id1	id2	positive	None	is bruce missing out ? kris jenner looks amazing post-divorce at la party : while it seems bruce may have moved ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	shame fabian delph didnt play for england tonight but then again , if he had , wed have loads of papers reports tomorrow about a transfer .
id1	id2	neutral	None	getting to know super-earths : pasadena ca ( spx ) oct 16 , 2014 if you have a coin and flip ... URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	everyone wanna skip work/school tomorrow and have a bulls party to get hyped for the season ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ill start it tomorrow , ive been needing new anime to watch anyway :) and yes mikasa , shes bae too & lt ;3
id1	id2	neutral	None	man rapes , infects lovers kids with hiv in benue state : the police in bauchi state , on tuesday have arrested ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if youre gonna play the 4th line for only 5 mins , you might as well have kept orr and mclaren to fight
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks @USER you have made my friday !! who needs a nature paper when your figures are on abc !
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to friday night lights ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	view the program for the new rna nanotechnology grc , to be held in ventura , ca feb 1-6 , here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	3rd week of cfb rankings done .. i want to know what you guys like/dislike about them . what should i add ? any other comments ? email/tweet me !
id1	id2	positive	None	arsenals danny welbeck was awful in the 1st half , but it was great to see welbeck , ex #mufc legend , on the scoresheet in the 2nd half .
id1	id2	positive	None	you promise follow me in @USER ??? its impossible that you see this .. @USER i went to wwat in spain 11 july
id1	id2	positive	None	now i dont have the conflict between watching game 6 and the lsu vs . uk game on saturday . staying positive
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i think yougov needs to be treated with caution after their rougue indyref poll &amp; labour were 5 , 5 , 5 &amp; 7 ahead upto thursday &amp; then an
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my daughter will be there tonight , shes had a rough time - wld you dedicate a song to her ? her name is tegan , 19 on monday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER best thursday night football game of the season ! #tnf nah , colts vs texans was better . jj watt , that is all .
id1	id2	negative	None	sick skills , james rodriguez ! in case you forgot , canada are taking on this guy and his teammates tomorrow . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	katy perry to perform at the 2015 super bowl halftime show in february URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday - walking dead monday - gotham wednesday - the 100 thursday - vampire diaries just living life to the fullest
id1	id2	negative	None	teddy bridgewater is the 3rd most shown qb during games , but my guess is this largely influenced by the tnf horror with christian ponder .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i had asiata playing thursday so had to make a decision then .
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . julie andrews #dontgiveup #artist #fineart URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we will cap our fall season with the halloween game on sunday at 1pm !
id1	id2	neutral	None	out of the 29 qualifying qbs , russell wilson is 28th in the nfl in yards in the air . a lot of dump offs , screen passes , + intermediate routes
id1	id2	neutral	None	i remember in middle school when ever it was friday they would sing friday by rebecca black .
id1	id2	positive	None	lionel messi , in ten years at barca , has scored in each different minute of a game except the 1st , 9th , 48th and 61st .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i was just sat watching the big bang theory when an advert comes on about you :d i actually screamed and scared my family .. love ya !
id1	id2	positive	None	coffee at the ready ... lets hit the road ! #gameface #friday #sales URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	manchester united want to sign aston villas fabian delph , and ron vlaar , when the transfer window opens in january . ( URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so im flying home for xmas then flying up to scotland to be a bridesmaid then going to paris with uni in feb & amp ; then flying home for easter !
id1	id2	positive	None	kevin said the race was like almost like a sunday drive and he still beat alonso and the red bulls lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER kyle is going out for the first time tomorrow night , so proud lol states ?! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	so far , everyone whos seen kunle afolayans october 1 has said the same thing : go see it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	game and knotts on the 18th .
id1	id2	negative	None	lateisha , tegan and i just went to the movies and sat up the front even , its freaky as hell i had the shivers ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning jack . is it possible that spx may go to new highs with this possible rally ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	yougov poll for sun finds that 41% would vote to remain in the eu while 40% would vote to leave that would settle everything ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER always loved you as a player . as an analyst , not so much . watch saturday to see if ole miss is winning with talent or emotion
id1	id2	neutral	None	just remember ... the wwat isnt over until sunday evening ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	by @USER southwest 737-8h4 getting ready to fire up its cfm56s . im so excited about going to lax saturday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER niall , would you follow us if we ran down the hallways at school tomorrow blasting steal my girl ?
id1	id2	positive	None	who watched the lsu game on last saturday @USER was da true best
id1	id2	neutral	None	west indies team to go home after the 4th odi in dharamsala . no 5th odi , no one-off t20 and no three-test series ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wanna go to tomorrows game with fec ? join us at the second floor of the ponce garage at 8 a.m. !
id1	id2	positive	None	get ready the royals have an opponent in the world series ! the boys in blue will take on the san francisco giants ! first game tuesday in kc !
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . - julie andrews
id1	id2	negative	None	when they said stoops has been chagrined by 3rd down problems it sounded like they mean ou having problems .
id1	id2	positive	None	lots going on at barca this weekend ! join us for a drink or two . kicking off your friday night , dj on 7pm till late URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thursday is the best day of the week because of vampire diaries ! #tvd
id1	id2	positive	None	come on donny grab a copy of the album go out and buy one then tweet me a picture tomorrow between 2 and 4pm and i will follow ..
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . julie andrews URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#voteforbjp lets make 15 october 14 as another independence day congrss mukt bharat
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . - julie andrews at brainyquote URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	may be up for some smash in a little bit guys . just finishing this square ( last graveyard one ? ) as ruto with an a rank for the heart piece .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wing ace linked : atletico madrid star cristian rodriguez is being linked with a january move t ... URL #youarefootball
id1	id2	positive	None	check out the gorgeous products from younique ! contact me for preorders or order on the website from 1st ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#rams have sacked russell wilson something like 16 times in his career . they dont record a sack this sunday and its time for ... mutiny
id1	id2	positive	None	if he is becoming a legitimate offensive threat which it appears he is ( i know its only preseason ) he may be the x-factor to a bulls title
id1	id2	neutral	None	news alert : #westindies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th odi in dharamsala . @USER #indvswi
id1	id2	neutral	None	#occupy is back . 9 day occupation of parliament sq starts tomorrow with candle lit talks . see events on URL #london
id1	id2	neutral	None	justin #bieber october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at ... : october 2 : new photo of justin with le ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	patriots beat the jets . giants will take on the royals in world series . i have coffee . its a damn good friday so far ! #itsthelittlethings
id1	id2	neutral	None	paulino with an infield rbi single ties the game at 1 . headed to the 3rd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the british culture week 2014 will be taking place in the capital from october 9 to 19 . charles darwin ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is disney infinity marvel an add on or standalone game ? want to get it but cant figure out if i need the main disney game 1st
id1	id2	positive	None	i think i may have an obsession with demi lovatos laugh .
id1	id2	neutral	None	report about sunandas death inconclusive : police : new delhi , oct 10 : delhi police said friday the forensic e ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	does anyone know where the icc meeting will be tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	is the news about netflix and kunle afolayans october 1 true ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER going to go see the wwat film tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	today 17/10 , a live performance by anna vissi at the 25th anniversary gala in canada URL URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if i die at knotts tomorrow , it wont be bc of the monsters itll be by seeing all the cute couples while im alone just chillin
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning ! cute pic ! shailene was so adorable with jimmy fallon the other night ! happy friday !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i did read it . im responding to your opinion that it may be one of the biggest plays in cfb history . i completely disagree that ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER norman reedus says this ep is like the 4th of july here in the states .
id1	id2	neutral	None	futsal : europa league , w1 d2 , l1 : 4th redgrift , wall , p . brown , kesic , goodwin 3 , mrozek 1 , steele & amp ; r . brown player of the tournament : wall
id1	id2	positive	None	cowboys had the giants this sunday thats a easy win . lets do it !
id1	id2	positive	None	i won the 2nd star in my mclaren 12c in #csrracing #raceyourfriends . download free ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i found a boy that looks like fetus ashton on wednesday and he was wearing ashs old style of glasses and everything
id1	id2	positive	None	dawn from goshen is excited to take her son daniel to the wwe holiday show at us bank arena on december 27 . she ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#uhurureturns and takes back the presidency . his 2nd term for sure ... as for ruto , he has now served his 1st term as prezzo ! ikue hivo hivo .
id1	id2	neutral	None	any1 interested in @USER tickets 4 the nia on the 8th of nov ? block b row 13 face value . inbox me URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER see you guys there . flying from chicago tomorrow . ill be in ole miss shirt & amp ; daughter in dress . easy to spot .
id1	id2	positive	None	ears in heaven listening to lenny kravitz #strut loving it , enjoyed his work since i 1st heard mr cab driver
id1	id2	positive	None	i got tickets to meet the bulls tomorrow let me know asap . if your interested !!! #free
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER its considered late as the stores have been selling xmas stuff since july . no love for halloween and thanksgiving .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey , donny !!! see you sunday for the race !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	that moment when snsd and jessica will be in the same country tomorrow ...
id1	id2	negative	None	when girls become bandwagon fans of the packers because of harry . do yall even know who aaron rodgers is ? or what a 1st down is ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	norman reedus , the walking dead cast crash the audience at paleyfest new york ( bostonherald ): share with fri ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ahahaha , youre right ,, btw actually idk why sm ceo right now kym , how bout lee soo man ? may you tell me why ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	qb christian ponder was taken with the 12th pick in the #2011draft . picked before qbs andy dalton & amp ; colin kaepernick URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hong kong , july 10 ( reuters ) - jpmorgan chase & amp ; co has hired former ubs ag banker david li as its new china head , the u
id1	id2	neutral	None	last week was guayaquil independence day here in ecuador , which meant no school on friday and so we organised a trip with staff and stude ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hopefully he comes on thursday cuz youll be in preschool right ? its tegans dad !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER sue and i the last 4 tuesdays have seen the judge , gone girl , equalizer , and walk through the tombstones .
id1	id2	neutral	None	toyota hybrids only imply credits-tickle the palm to december 1st : rembwjogf
id1	id2	neutral	None	typical thursday @USER with the crew URL
id1	id2	positive	None	marko about vettel : i also believe that the moment to move was ideal : ferrari is dow ... - URL #f1
id1	id2	negative	None	liam playing a five string bass you may as well fuck my ass URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we are going for our third straight win today , and if christian ponder is locked in an attic somewhere , well be all alone in 1st ! #gopackgo
id1	id2	neutral	None	picking up my rolldawg from lax tonight , & amp ; then taking my manager to lax tomorrow .. my car has taxi on it !? lol #truehomie #imtherealmvp
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER that the date was november 30th . aka the day where the patriots kill the packers
id1	id2	neutral	None	oct 6 will be ghoncheh ghavamis 100th day in prison , support @USER and sign 500k strong @USER petition URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	are you living with hiv and looking for peer support ? pegs are meeting tomorrow in taunton ; call for info 08003283508 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	red bull boss confirming that vettel will be released on the 28th november , thus missing the two-day test on november 25th and 26th .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER wednesday adams is my spirit animal URL she only got that bitch face cause she mad about her forehead
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER a toast to you coffee coming comics * clinks mug * happy friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is the 1st day of infection control week . have a look at hiv infection in healthcare settings : URL #infectioncontrol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 1st day aftr elex & amp ; modi has got new cea , potatoe imports r on & amp ; URL but folks see conspiracy everywhere
id1	id2	positive	None	if the cowboys had trouble bottling up arian foster ... i gotta believe marshawn has a really good shot at 150 yards sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	huge difference in tomorrows survation and yougov polls in the papers . its almost like they mean absolutely fuck all .
id1	id2	positive	None	panthers are about to smack green bay sunday . starting to look healthier out there @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	39 people in the nba are not better than kobe bryant .. the 2nd goat
id1	id2	positive	None	looking at disney things on pinterest makes me so happy ! is it march yet ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER omg kyle is the best boyfriend ever ! i just knew if i sat im the pink chair he would find me ! love him
id1	id2	positive	None	need to see this movie ... miles teller and j . k . simmons may have just been added to the oscar race ... god damn .
id1	id2	positive	None	remember when ashton tweeted me about the 1st atlanta meetup :,)
id1	id2	negative	None	if she handles blood samples in a way that she could get ebola , she should probably get tested for hepc instead . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the @USER bullpens impression of 7th inning kershaw was spot on tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	when you remember nashs new video with skylynn is tomorrow URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	man rapes , infects lovers kids with hiv in benue state URL a 32-year-old man , mr. terkura iorpuu , was on thursday a ...
id1	id2	positive	None	rss : october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i love you so much niall and tomorrow is my birthday i hope for the best that you will follow me
id1	id2	neutral	None	tbt to last friday with squad #knottsscaryfarm @USER scary farm URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its friday by rebecca black is playing in the union rn
id1	id2	positive	None	udlp in the 4th round of the cup . bring on barca .
id1	id2	positive	None	i just cut a 25 second audio clip of aaron rodgers talking about jordy nelsons grandmas pies . happy thursday .
id1	id2	negative	None	ashton may love their bay area fans but little does he know we hate ourselves
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to try to watch vampire diaries i missed sun of it
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER so the same technical point was not seen when modi was opening his big mouth in rallies ? ahhh may be he seen names of his owner
id1	id2	neutral	None	just saw the 1st episode of vampire diaries
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER where you working friday then karin edwards ? train it right in the pussay or get elton to pick us up from station near his ?
id1	id2	positive	None	not gonna lie .. every sunday , after the walking dead , i feel the need to watch the boondock saints . norman reedus is entirely responsible .
id1	id2	neutral	None	girl just sat next to me on the train and she was listening to tegan and sara was she hitting on me ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	im hanging out at lovecats downunder to share connors sunday smooch with dana from blood moon ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ancelotti says khedira recovered and is ready to play , although not completely match fit . imagine he could get minutes tomorrow #realmadrid
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER because he didnt warrant a higher pick while at michigan . look at russell wilson i think he was taken in the 4th
id1	id2	negative	None	happy friday : a health worker who may have had contact with ebola is on a frigging cruise ship URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ready to hit this friday morning t/p . always think of it this way , bulls make money , and bears make money . #forex #priceactiontrading
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER you love my julie andrews references . do not lie . plus its only like the 2nd time ive mentioned it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want to hear the leak of blood moon already , but ima wait till i buy the cd tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	i want a cowboys cake for my 21st birthday idc idc idc lol
id1	id2	positive	None	deep condolance for lee soo mans wife . may she rest in peace :( be strong for the whole family esp sooman ahjussi
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i mean i doubt jessica is up at 2 in the morning on facebook looking up people she knew in 2nd grade .
id1	id2	positive	None	astate up 24-0 after the 1st . doing work in the georgia dome !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER mikasa shoved a blanket against his chest once they got downstairs , but she didnt leave yet . she sat down on the sofa --
id1	id2	negative	None	school starts back monday , ive only just started looking at my ab test revision sheets and i want to die fs
id1	id2	positive	None	buti pa si katy perry , puma-party lang pag friday night . do it alll again ( overtime work in the office for us )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER id love a full elton concert . saw him at a fourth of july concert in philadelphia , so it was just six songs .
id1	id2	positive	None	welcome to the friday express ! aaalll aboard ! @USER white house URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ebola @USER its about a five min delay into downtown cleveland on i-90 eb . accident near w . 25th st. @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	our deep condolences for lee soo mans family , may she rest in peace :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ daily independent ] cech set to leave in january : atletico madrid has joined roma and real madrid in the race ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	lenny kravitz exclusive interview and live performance of strut @USER lenny kravitz is back with his 10th ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fec hold farewell session for seven ministers : president goodluck jonathan on wednesday led the federal execut ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i think my favorite memory out of all 4 years of band would definitely be when i got to march in the parade at disney world
id1	id2	positive	None	possibly going to comic con in santa fe . can i make a mikasa scout outfit before the 24th ? its on !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you might enjoy these pics i took at arsenal vs galatasaray on wed URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER id like to get a seat on the nfl today this sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	condole the passing of lee soo mans wife from cancer , on the 30th of september 2014
id1	id2	neutral	None	mom i know its friday you dont need to parade around the house singing rebecca black
id1	id2	negative	None	donny osmond may be all over my tv but he isnt telling enough people that he was in mulan and thats what im thinking now come on donny .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait to go to your concert in ventura , nov 1st . ill finally get to meet you !
id1	id2	negative	None	well obama , you sat on your ass , eblola is gaining ground as is isis . ebola is striking , next is isis on us land u call yourself a leader
id1	id2	neutral	None	big turnover-on-downs forced by highland park d at the horn 31 . hp down 35-21 , now w/the ball in the red zone as 3rd is winding down .
id1	id2	neutral	None	will jessica still be in shanghai on the 18th ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER in fut , isco . an absolute magician in the midfield with gabi being a close 2nd .
id1	id2	positive	None	finally finished my presentation for tomorrow . before midnight and without the aid of red bull . so grown up of me .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may kindly undertake the exercise of upgrading delhi police by inducting chopper service for patrolling & amp ; security etc ...
id1	id2	negative	None	very unfair : west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th odi in dharamsala ( timesnow ) #indvswi #westindies
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER halloween is a friday if that helps , so ill probably be going straight from ayr after college xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	who going with me to knotts saturday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	#news : why sami khedira is the piece ac milan are missing : carlo ancelotti may not be coaching ac milan anymor ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if selena will release the single next monday with taylors new song she can kiss #1 on itunes goodbye
id1	id2	neutral	None	i plan on hunting for ben affleck all day tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	we may have to look at the possibility of a hung parliament , udc and bcp may collectively get a combined simple ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	simmons : aim of #highered that we may live together peacefully & amp ; share the greatest advantages of knowledge & amp ; knowledge creation #delange9
id1	id2	neutral	None	i caught up on ahs im a have to do scandal and how to get away with murder tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER fab we missy ! enjoy the @USER gala tomorrow and @USER s tribute to you . we are all so proud of you ! xoxo
id1	id2	negative	None	so has ruto finished his 1st term you twitter constitution lawyers seems youve gone back to your daily hustles
id1	id2	neutral	None	packers te richard rodgers will do some catching up with his dad sunday - jsonline URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#dailydouble time ! liams on a friday night double @USER get it here & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	is anybody going to knotts friday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you coming to the ole miss game saturday ??? hotty toddy !!
id1	id2	positive	None	coffee is pretty much the answer to all questions today . #friday #tgif
id1	id2	positive	None	fact : google may have all the answers , but siri is tremendously more entertaining . #observationsoflifeonearth
id1	id2	positive	None	ghoncheh ghavamis court date is set for october 16th . lets hope she is freed soon URL #iran #humanrights
id1	id2	positive	None	its alright after we beat the vikings on sunday well only be a game behind the pats
id1	id2	neutral	None	carlo ancelottis madrid are on the lookout for a midfield option with sami khedira in line to leave in january .
id1	id2	positive	None	elton seriously knows how to make my mornings , man ! thats all i look forward to on tues & amp ; thurs mornings #ushistory #yougoelton #thanksjohn
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i won on the royals earlier and tomorrow i will have more cfb games coming out . usually i have 6 games a day 8/ day on weekend
id1	id2	negative	None	brian cushing out for thursday . mike mohamed and justin tuggle on dwayne allen and coby fleener is going to be a problem . #texans
id1	id2	neutral	None	after your 3rd game with isco on fifa 15 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thats it for tonight folks on f1 tech . im out tomorrow at dmg mori technical center for a day . rebull and mclaren are there . exited .
id1	id2	neutral	None	chelsea are set to battle with real madrid to sign cruzeiros lucas silva . carlo ancelottis side want to sign the midfielder in january
id1	id2	positive	None	a fall celebration at the park place market this saturday ! vendors include scentsy , avon , younique , thirtyone ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	references 3 . just the facts june 25 , 1961 ref 3 URL los angeles international airport ( lax ) 3 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	fabian delph loves a tackle and i can see him coming out from the start with some fouls . fabian delph 1st player carded @USER or anytime @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck tomorrow to the hawks v @USER ( a ) , vikings v @USER 2nds ( a ) & amp ; bears v @USER ( h ) #gth #utb #hawksfamily
id1	id2	positive	None	sam ponder is the hottest reporter ever . christian ponder may suck at qb but he gets to go home to that so he still wins .
id1	id2	positive	None	watching annabelle tonight , sorabh pant and sahil shah tomorrow . good weekend plans .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER have just emailed you - ashton on wednesday ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	live as if you were to die tomorrow . learn as if you were to live forever ? gandhi #quote
id1	id2	neutral	None	food truck friday at the pacific view mall ventura tomorrow night URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	williams stopped short of the goal line on 3rd-and-6 . heels line up to go for it on 4th-and-2 . brian kelly wants a timeout .
id1	id2	neutral	None	steve bruce will overlook his returning internationals if they show signs of fatigue ahead of hull citys clash with arsenal on saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	we are going up ! i just guided leeds united to 2nd place in non-league c URL ( full version )
id1	id2	neutral	None	us expands ebola screenings at airports - an official of the white house said on friday in washington that five ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah , i know . shes supposed to be on the school roof mon , tue , thurs , and sat . but aint . is it cause yukiko hasnt recovered ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	r &amp; r at the fairmont orchid in the middle of the oracle presidents club w 3500 . setting up for philip phillps to sing tonight , elton on sun .
id1	id2	positive	None	birmingham bounce : yougov on fri and sun and now @USER today all put the tories ahead URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jim harbaugh gets the most tv face time of any nfl coach ; tom coughlin 4th ... rex ryan 7th | bobs blitz URL @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER i think it was independence day stood still before tomorrow ...
id1	id2	negative	None	right down to an uncomfortably close win over the jets the pats and packers are mirror teams ... both will be bounced by championship sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited to be passing out candy with the @USER chapter of ocmea at boou on the 30th ! good excuse for a disney costume ! :d
id1	id2	positive	None	sangam university bhilwara salutes nobel laureates united nations international day of the girl child 11 oct 2014 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is going to be an epic day of football for a few reasons ... firstly because of galatasaray vs fenerbahce ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have 2 #bills tickets for sale for this sundays game vs . the vikings . message me for details . #billsmafia
id1	id2	positive	None	beautiful #friday morning ! coffee and on the go to enjoy this ! #helloblueskies
id1	id2	neutral	None	jarryd hayne : the australian rugby star seattle seahawks may bring to the nfl - the guardian ( blog ): the guard ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	some context on aaron rodgers interception and win rates trailing in the 2nd half : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	disney tomorrow just hope this cold lets up :(
id1	id2	negative	None	if anyone else seen it . i thought it was pretty stupid when doug baldwin was yelling at russell wilson during the game this sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	i will never be okay with the fact i have to miss greys and tvd every thursday night ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	alonso is still a ferrari driver today but he may not be tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great call in by that marine who is surprising his family with a disney trip . that is how u take back ur friday my man . awsome
id1	id2	neutral	None	the horn sounds and we are through 40 minutes at yost . kevin lohan with the lone michigan goal in the 2nd #goblue URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER saying that @USER will not complete their tenure in parliament . does he think they will resign ? well that will b a 1st
id1	id2	positive	None	if they question you about nov just say thanksgiving , its the white house , theyll understand & amp ; pardon you and a turkey #scandal
id1	id2	positive	None	ruto should declare tomorrow a holiday ya kuwelcome kamwana , after all how will we remember he was in-charge for 2days
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited for the ducks game tomorrow . #openingnight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i cant wait 4 this sunday ! after 31 years of being a hard core fan im going to a cowboys game #throwupthex URL
id1	id2	positive	None	james just scores . tomorrow : ballon dor for james rodriguez [ marca ]
id1	id2	neutral	None	if empire is the starting point then our history is the history of 1/3rd of the planet . nkrumah , gandhi , marley it all becomes our history ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER colombia beat el salvador friday in jersey so its probably them . thats pretty cool . is james rodriguez there , too ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER just informed me that aaron samuels is gay in real life ... dreams ruined . october 3rd ruined .
id1	id2	positive	None	not forgetting englands biggest football club and everyones favourite 2nd team leeds united take on rotherham at 7:30 tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	decent outing from canada against the 3rd highest ranked team in the world . undone by a bit of brilliance by james rodriguez .
id1	id2	negative	None	wes fucking with wednesday adams and gonna get everyone life in prison .
id1	id2	negative	None	q : why #javedhashmi resignd in d 1st place if he wantd to remain part of parliament ? & amp ; why he left @USER & amp ; aftrwrds acceptd thr support ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i honestly think that from now until may(ish ) , the only thing im gonna look forward to on fridays is watching the vampire diaries !
id1	id2	positive	None	two cans of red bull may give you x-ray vision , but five cans give you the ability to hear oxygen .
id1	id2	positive	None	selhurst park has always been a difficult place for chelsea . were gonna make things easy tomorrow . #cfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	new game album blood moon : year of the wolf drops tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	who wants to go to the ducks game tomorrow at 7 home opener tickets are 32 each and its in the 400 lever
id1	id2	neutral	None	jessica is due to have her baby on the 8th of november , she will not be taking any new bookings until after the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	someone go with me to midway next friday morning so i dont get kidnapped . ill buy red bull and sing you 2000s hip hop classics .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gandhi : there may be violence , but then again the landlords may cooperate fischer : you are an optimist gandhi : they might cooperate by fleeing
id1	id2	positive	None	i dont know but horan is my bae ? ; $ nialler ! x so everybody , i will getting married with niall on 24 january 2015 :) xx * justkidd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am going to see equalizer tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	i want to go see equalizer tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	unfortunately , magic tv will be delayed until tomorrow , due to issues with the t1 here at cfb studios . we ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	this @USER fine thing sounds like the ejection rule in cfb . yes the ejection may be called back , but hey , you still get the penalty !
id1	id2	positive	None	uw going all whites for 1st time against ducks .. think they meant to have autzen as part of this graphic tho ? hahaha URL
id1	id2	positive	None	what a game here between valencia and atleti . 3-1 at the break . join @USER and i for 2nd half on @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	#qufh : the horn sounds as the 1st half comes to a close . qu leading brown 1-0 after the first 35 minutes of play
id1	id2	neutral	None	win tickets for redskins vs the titans . stop by our new location at @USER to sign up and win ! today at 6pm-saturday 10pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	just bought my ticket for knotts friday and im not entirely sure if i did things correctly hopefully i can print my ticket tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	#justinbieber october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at ... : october 2 : new photo of justin with len ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER sam harris isnt liberal . he may think he is , but thats the same as bill maher thinking hes funny .
id1	id2	positive	None	fec approves $1.1 bn for locomotives : the federal executive council ( fec ) thursday approved a n 1.1 billion for the design , manufacture ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	its 2 in the morning and im up watching white house down for like the 4th time
id1	id2	positive	None	biggest , brightest lunar eclipse of the year will bring a blood moon on wednesday ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	illinoiscentral : college night is tomorrow at icc ! come to the icc cougarplex to meet with reps from over 80 co ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	one for you , @USER vettels 8th place in russia is the lowest hes * finished * in 53 races ( malaysia 2012 ) .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jan hooks : gamakatsu circle offset point octopus hook-pack of 25 ( black , 1/0 ): specially designed to set in the corne URL
id1	id2	positive	None	as an early xmas gift , i get to dj alongside @USER on the 15th december at the waiting room ... its been a while
id1	id2	positive	None	thursdays are always the best : how to get away with murder , tvd and scandal !! #thursdayslife
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you are a college undergrad and really want to see greek life or even just turn up to levels you cant imagine be @USER fri & amp ; usc sat .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yea fam i think it may come out as a xmas special ... i hope !
id1	id2	neutral	None	justin bieber october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	we might as well bring back orr and mclaren if carlyle continues to play three lines . in my opinion hes not using kozun properly . 4th line ?
id1	id2	positive	None	perry hs panthers band invites you to save up to 60% off brand name mattresses like simmons & amp ; restonic on saturday & amp ; help them raise money !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow night we will be at the jolly miller , fareham and unless you want to miss out on one of liams famous ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	es open interest . +74k new shorts on wednesday , -64k short covering yesterday . not that many shorts out there , today its all about the bulls
id1	id2	positive	None	going to that colts vs . texans game in december is gonna be one of the best presents i get for christmas ever .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this ensemble will make its debut this sunday in the georgia dome ! #beardown . #ooohkillem URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#sports 3 cowboys jerseys among nfl favorites : russell wilson may have the jersey , but the cowb ... URL #voiceofdallas
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER cont1 .. gandhi has contacted you and collected the documents . you may contact him on 9310404065 for further status of .. cont2
id1	id2	positive	None	if i have the belief that i can do it , i shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if i may not have it at the beginning . - gandhi
id1	id2	neutral	None	american horror storys third season is out on monday , so heres a photo of the blu-ray . #whydidithavetobesnakes URL
id1	id2	positive	None	matt adams ties it up - 1st hr bumgarner has allowed this post-season . adams cant hit lefties , but hes taken madbum & amp ; kershaw deep . #nlcs
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER hi both - what is the news on welbeck ? likely starter tomorrow ? many thanks
id1	id2	neutral	None	jessica made her first public appearance as the head designer of blanc & amp ; eclare at lane crawfords 1st anniversary event in shanghai , china !
id1	id2	positive	None	me & amp ; nia was having the best convo about relationships today in 2nd block . me & amp ; my nigga be gettin deep
id1	id2	neutral	None	#throwbackthursday : our weekly dive into the toyota archives : every thursday we take a look ... URL #toyota #usedcars
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if he was derrick strait or roy williams , he might get a pass . he may yet get there but for now , hes closer to stoops doghouse
id1	id2	negative	None	how long should i still wait 2 see the 3rd episode of tvd ?? i am dying !! you people who deal with loading the episodes , could u pls hurry up ??
id1	id2	positive	None	cfb starts off a great weekend with #20 utah taking on oregon state tomorrow at 10pm @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	change of plans for saturday , going to ucla @USER after all . guess no ggf but not turning down free tickets , just gotta leave la earlier
id1	id2	negative	None	rodgers : ive read we sent dossiers to the fa on sterling/sturridge & amp ; having showdown talks with hodgson on sunday & amp ; all sorts of rubbish
id1	id2	positive	None	ducks game on the 1st !!! yeah buddy @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	in october 1 , kunle afolayan delivered whats arguably the best film out of nollywood yet .
id1	id2	positive	None	about to hit the bed and get some good rest tomorrow i shall continue my monster hunter 3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER coming down to arsenal v hull city tomorrow , do you welcome away fans ?
id1	id2	positive	None	is it true that selenas new album comes out on november 24th !!! i cant wait
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to our boys tomorrow as they take on the bulls in the currie cup semi finals . you have already made us ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lumber jack out tomorrow as we take down the colts !
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning !! were up bright and early to set up your saturday morning swim down at elton sailing club :) 8 - 11am see you lakeside
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER niall , i got on the road again tour 2015 in osaka next february 25th ticket so cant wait to see you :-) follow me @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER look at spx daily in early june 2012 . it bottomed the day after spx 200d sma was sliced . this time , 200d was sliced yesterday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hm asks delhi police to ensure swachh bharat drive : on october 2 , modi had paid a surprise visit to the mandir ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER its on sunday huh ? do you know what time ? nia forgot lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	atletico madrid want to buy chelseas petr cech in january [ sunday star ] URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER pulis sold 4000 fans short in valencia by letting them pay good money , talking up the europa league , then picking a 2nd team !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER just recollecting modis speeches during may and the assurances of rajnath singh on black money . feel cheated
id1	id2	neutral	None	that awkward moment when john adams thinks that independence day is going to be july 2nd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this tnf game will be brian cushings 1st time going against andrew luck . @USER #houstontexans
id1	id2	positive	None	possibly going to comic con in santa fe . can i make a mikasa scout outfit before the 24th its on !
id1	id2	positive	None	accidental google searches lead to the funniest finds ! happy friday , folks ! @USER @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy mean girls day . haha get it because todays october 4th and thats when aaron samuels asked what day it was URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i may have made a terrible mistake by ignoring the monster hunter series all these years ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	meet the band : bastille is playing at the us bank arena this friday ! check back tomorrow morning a chance to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER could you send a dm telling my grandson happy 4th birthday please it would make his day . btw he was at niall bday in cali
id1	id2	neutral	None	#cardinals make up for lousy pass d with tough run defense . they are 3rd in nfl , allowing 75.8 rushing yards per game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think ill do a niall spam now but that will be the last one for tonight ill continue with liam and zayn tomorrow #emabiggestfans1d
id1	id2	neutral	None	alpha sigma is partaking the walk to end hiv on october 25 . please support our efforts by making a donation . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	bill maher may be right - pope frank may be an atheist . at least hes acting smarter than most predecessors . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER havent started ! ive been too caught up in tvd but since i finished that ill probably start it tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	he he he he @USER west indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th odi in dharamsala ( timesnow )
id1	id2	positive	None	they dont have the 2nd episode of ahs on demand so im gonna watch the 1st episode again . lmao
id1	id2	positive	None	aaron rodgers final drive was incredible . but man he was lucky on 4th and 10 that grimes slipped over . threw it leaning back on one foot .
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched the whole 2nd season of ahs in less than 24 hours . im not even ashamed .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER may be one of the reasons why st so willingly participated in swachh bharat on oct 2 ..
id1	id2	positive	None	on the beer in cork tomorrow night then back to waterford saturday evenin and out for ducks birthday . looking forward to the weekend #booze
id1	id2	neutral	None	bryan sophomore mykenzi greenler gets by a redskins defender wednesday in port clinton . the golden bears , the no ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	be sure to look for nashs new video with skylynn tomorrow #nashnewvideo love you @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	at midnight on a friday night i just realised melissa mccarthy is the adorable friend on gilmore girls ... mind blown .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wooo ill look into for next wednesday , just wanna see ben affleck
id1	id2	positive	None	get the best mascara in the industry here ! im wearing younique mascara for my big day saturday if that does not ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	police say there will be a highly visible presence in rotherham to make sure tomorrow nights derby with leeds united passes without trouble
id1	id2	positive	None	whole day tomorrow eh ? nahh imma go straight to sm and watch annabelle lol
id1	id2	positive	None	marca : ancelotti was all smiles this thursday . khedira has already trained twice with the team & amp ; everything appears to be going to plan .
id1	id2	negative	None	all right . is hodgson still thinking of coming to loftus road to watch the liverpool game ? is he not afraid that rodgers may embarrass him ?
id1	id2	negative	None	also since im watching aaron samuels on dancing w/ the stars im just disappointed that i didnt give october 3rd proper justice #meangirls
id1	id2	neutral	None	new extended promo for the vampire diaries season 6 episode 4 : black hole sun : stefan left enzo in quite the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	apologies to anyone who may have been insulted by my charles darwin is an idiot tweet . i was just expressing my thoughts .
id1	id2	neutral	None	at wembley , england-san marino in the thursday night europa league slot
id1	id2	positive	None	looks like the @USER defense will be getting a a on sunday . my hypothesis ? aaron rodgers will be eating a lot of mud pies . #keeppounding
id1	id2	negative	None	announcer said mine stoops chagrined at 3rd down issues ? how about pissed ? ou dodged another one on texas bad snap .
id1	id2	neutral	None	texans injury report : linebackers jadeveon clowney , brian cushing both sit out thursday : by the l ... URL #nfl #texans
id1	id2	negative	None	why your hospital may be unable to stop spread the spread of ebola , by ray kurzweil ttp :/ / t.co/2luaxladpn
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you @USER for signing my t-shirt and letting us have selfies with you guys . you were amazing at the horn last wednesday ! x
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunderland : wing ace linked : atletico madrid star cristian rodriguez is being linked with a january move to su ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	live as if you were to die tomorrow . learn as if you were to live forever . - gandhi
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone want to watch american horror story with me ? im on the 9th episode of the 1st season
id1	id2	neutral	None	icymi : several big-time lsu recruits highlight the expected visitor list for saturdays game against kentucky ( free ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	anyone else remember the 155 yards arian foster had against the steelers defense the last time they faced ? ive a bad feeling about monday .
id1	id2	positive	None	nash is bae , nash is life but skash ( skylynn and nash ) videos are just the whole package . thursday hurry up pls @USER #nashsnewvideo 2
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER aaah ... 1st fixture list i saw earlier had valencia and sevilla in the same half as atleti ... mustve been wrong
id1	id2	positive	None	so tomorrow my mom is getting surgery to have her gallbladder removed . lets just hope that both she and ashton recover quickly and easily .
id1	id2	negative	None	my biggest concern is bellusci may well get a coxis injury with that celebration . #coxis #concern
id1	id2	positive	None	10/17 is today right ? yall know that means its my boy liams 2nd birthday . gotta blast the bricksquad music for young bricksquad .
id1	id2	positive	None	i also saw equalizer on tuesday and it was pretty dope .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fav this and wait for it : prandelli will leave if galatasaray will lose against fenerbahce this saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	prime minister launched swachh bharat campaign in new delhi on 2 october 2014 , the occasion of 145th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi .
id1	id2	negative	None	chelsea striker diego costa is a doubt for the blues clash against crystal palace on saturday through injury . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	october 2 : new photo of justin with lenny kravitz at l &amp; #8217 ; arc . URL via @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	em so excited for tomorrow , gala with friends after exam . whoop !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in europe country comes 1st b4 club . incase in missed it welbeck is on 7goals in all competition .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#supercarnews : alonso enigmatic as ferrari struggle again : in sundays race , he had a clear view of the speed ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	swachh bharat appeared on sunday 5 at the 20th place in the top20 of punes trends : URL #trndnl
id1	id2	negative	None	#mercedes niki lauda also dismisses the report telling spanish media : the agreement ( between alonso and mclaren ) was signed last thursday
id1	id2	negative	None	seriously , yous fault is that alonso doesnt have his 3rd ( and possibly 4th ) wdc yet ?? i am sure we all know the answer .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i got plenty !! go to icc on saturday . @USER is djing and ill bring you a bag .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER frankos rbi single in the top of the 1st gives gray a 1-0 heading to the bottom . atta way @USER !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER fernando alonso has already signed for mclaren according to niki lauda , he signed last thursday
id1	id2	positive	None	reeling from tonights bulls game . down 21 in the 4th , then jimmy butler with insane buzzer-beating 3 to win by 1 . this team has such heart .
id1	id2	positive	None	watch arsenal smash hull tomorrow with sanchez hatrick and wilshere assist , and the sanchez- hazard comparisons will be back !
id1	id2	positive	None	i may or may not be driving an hour and a half just to see the wwat film but i know it will be 100% worth it
id1	id2	neutral	None	when does the wwa film come out in december
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER grohl , wonder , brian may and elton ... the rest aint even musicians
id1	id2	neutral	None	gallery : bellusci was our goalscorer on saturday , here is a photo gallery from the game URL #lufc URL
id1	id2	positive	None	narendra modi accelerates economic reform drive financial times writing in the financial times in april , mr. .. URL
id1	id2	positive	None	seen equalizer on monday she said she wanna see it again lol . real talk that shit was awesome
id1	id2	positive	None	jessica updates fans saying she will be back soon on weibo . she posted on october 17th , i was so amazed by all ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	swachh bharat appeared on saturday 4 at the 14th place in the top20 of punes trends : URL #trndnl
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER selenas greatest hits album is set to come out november 24th and its called for you . i screamed
id1	id2	positive	None	ive made up mind . im gonna support both ot8 and jessica equally . maybe the split is required to save their friendship . you may never know .
id1	id2	positive	None	lovely- just received our complementary tickets to @USER game @USER v @USER tomorrow .. hoping or some goals . we go 0-3 chelsea
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER i may have been watching old episodes on netflix as we endure the never ending wait for it to be released !
id1	id2	neutral	None	crucial ruling for thursday in ruto and sang icc case icc judges are set to issue a landmark ruling in the case ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER liaaam im going tomorrow to watch wwa make it more exciting by follow me
id1	id2	neutral	None	insomniac was the first green day album i heard ... 95 ? i think . i was in 7th grade ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	dan tyler comes right back with the vikings 3rd goal of the half
id1	id2	neutral	None	if everything was that easily transferable , then arsenal would have transferred two goals from the galatasaray game to sunday #thehaguedate
id1	id2	positive	None	happy modi on the achievement of opening the second route to kailash-mansarovar . the first was opened by me and i was the 1st pilgrim .
id1	id2	negative	None	its not like a guy whos now a 3rd stringer behind christian ponder and teddy bridgewater could lead the pats to 11 wins one year ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	the report may force delhi police to register an fir in the case as none has been filed so far . @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer lawrence was just a normal high schooler not too long ago , just check out these ... URL URL
id1	id2	negative	None	arsenals season is a mess . theyre losing the battle for their favourite 4th place position
id1	id2	positive	None	deepest condolences to lee soo man and family . may she gets a better and beautiful place in heaven . rest in peace .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow i must ghost ride tha whip wit lenny kravitz on the replay
id1	id2	negative	None	school on fridays just ruins the fact its friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	im dressed as jan off of the toyota commercial for work today ...
id1	id2	positive	None	if atleti and valencia tie this game , and we win tomorrow , well be 2nd in the league
id1	id2	positive	None	idgt !!! school starts monday so i gotta be on it with that ... no time for distractions
id1	id2	positive	None	he was using that sat . during the lsu game @USER i hope california is paying jesse palmer to say 3rd and california this many times .
id1	id2	negative	None	for all the talk of russell wilsons greatness , seattles passing offense is 31st in league . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wednesdays fec filing will name some of koch donors for the first time . URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	why sami khedira is the piece ac milan are missing : carlo ancelotti may not be coaching ac milan anymore , but ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you guys watch 4th of july ?!? ... do you mean independence day ?...
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you know that swachh bharat was trending topic on sunday 5 for 0 hours in pune ? URL #trndnl
id1	id2	negative	None	jimmy fallon hasnt been funny since saturday night life and even then he was even funny . , nigga was laughing at his own jokes
id1	id2	positive	None	its friday so im going to sit my happy ass down in this chair and drink coffee my entire shift .
id1	id2	negative	None	i have a resting bitch face that would make wednesday adams jealous
id1	id2	neutral	None	vettel will get a 6th engine in austin and told that hell not take part in qualifying because he will start from pit lane #f1
id1	id2	positive	None	that may have been @USER best drive since the first 2 against green bay . #wvu
id1	id2	neutral	None	might be going to the lsu game on saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	which would mean atletico madrid would drop to 5th . bilbao will give real madrid a game tonight like they gave barca at nou camp .
id1	id2	positive	None	probably going to be going to ventura warped on june 21 im so excited !!
id1	id2	positive	None	im going to disney world , october 3rd . if you wanna come on down .. come on down :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	hi dad ! happy birthday !! thanks what time is the game tomorrow ? 3:30 okay , bye . coach brian kelly remains focused even on his bday
id1	id2	negative	None	the problem with aus not being big into halloween is that you go straight from xmas-in-july to xmas . theres no extra holiday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER just imagine you are dumbeldore and the lsu defenders are dementors on saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	are you really watching 5sos on jimmy fallon for the 10th time URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this is impressive r @USER dwayne allen destroyed brian cushing on the 1st down run . such a complete te . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pm to address top military commanders tomorrow prime minister narendra modi will interact with the countrys ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	selenas greatest hits album is set to come out november 24th , & amp ; its called for you it will include 2 new ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	christian ponder may not be a good qb but after reading this its hard to hate him . #firstclass URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the fia ran the race the right way - lauda : niki lauda believes that without the benefit of hindsight , sunday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sooo out of the woods may have just turned me into a taylor swift fan , much like closer got me to finally hear tegan & amp ; sara .
id1	id2	neutral	None	woops : #nfl mistakenly lists brian cushing as out for the #texans on thursday ( link ) URL #wearetexans @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	signs and symptoms that may come with hiv infection . once you see them , please , run for hiv test see here &gt; & gt ; URL
id1	id2	positive	None	kobe bryant ranked at number 40 ? #nbarank hope he proves this ranking wrong . lots of respect for him ! one more reason to wait for oct 28th .
id1	id2	negative	None	james franklin just have this game away . mathematically they have to go for 4th and 32 . not enough time to punt .
id1	id2	positive	None	perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th . julie andrews #love #hardwork
id1	id2	neutral	None	dooley gets a huge kill for a much-needed sideout and und adds another to force a vikings timeout . its 20-16 psu in the 4th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im gonna yell it out at school on monday . thank you
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have a feeling ut will give ole miss all they want saturday . may be a trap game for om . depends on ut ol . ole miss has fierce pass rush .
id1	id2	positive	None	katy perry killin a beer in oxford - hotty toddy - URL wish i had been there saturday for the game
id1	id2	negative	None	just dmd rebecca black the lyrics to friday to annoy the shit out of her & lt ;3
id1	id2	positive	None	gala @USER sunday oct 19 7-10 , great food , drink , music , people ! tickets : URL support the arts #yyjarts
id1	id2	positive	None	nollywood rising with october 1 - kunle afolayan is the most important ambassador the nigerian government does n ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	aaron rodgers : good in the 4th qtr , but too cautious overall ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we dont just celebrate halloween on friday the 31st , we celebrate it all weekend ! 4 nights of frightfully good ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i swear , the night before i leave for an away football weekend , i cant sleep . its like grown up-lotsa beer-12th man towel disney world
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thought ben affleck played schlubby well in gone girl , he may give russell crowe a run for his money in that dept ...
id1	id2	positive	None	a good night for the @USER boys tonight ! welbeck scored , chamberlain played well and chambers made his 1st start ! #arsenal #englishcore
id1	id2	neutral	None	younique officially launches in the uk on 1 november . be one of the first to get your 3d fibre lashes .
id1	id2	positive	None	start thinking of reasons why you love kesha and be a guest on the kesha show tomorrow , 8pm est/6pm pac . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	jacob im scared af because i just finished the 1st episode of asylum from american horror story
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER sitting sat . wasnt going to be there in time to stand , as travel arrangements were already made b4 nia announced
id1	id2	negative	None	hey @USER why is the ohio state/rutgers game on sat not being shown in hd on espn2 in co ? guide is showing ucla/cal on abc & amp ; espn2
id1	id2	neutral	None	bassi joins cleanliness drive : delhi police commissioner b.s. bassi on saturday described the swachh bharat ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#bmf1usa vettel announces that he will use his 6th full engine in austin and he wont take part in qualy beacause he will start from pitlane
id1	id2	positive	None	norman reedus im a huge fan of the walking dead is there going to be a 6th season
id1	id2	positive	None	almost 2 am on the east coast . 11 hour work day ahead . and this game is going to 2ot . lots of coffee will be bought at the c o-o p tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	talking about the bosco vs . jserra game this friday . around the horn style w/ @USER and @USER #wcff URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	younique by christina messina , my virtual party link is here : it will ship on wednesday . URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yo @USER you excited for this packers game on sunday lolol
id1	id2	positive	None	preettyy pretty sun rise in lonavala with red bull ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	2 extra tickets who wants to come with me to the lsu game saturday text me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	indian prime minister narendra modi on thursday unveiled a string of labour reforms , seeking to fulfil a pledge to boost the countrys ma ...
id1	id2	positive	None	flew out of burbank for the 1st time . mind blown . im ruined ! sorry , lax , were breaking up . and @USER was on my flight . win !
id1	id2	neutral	None	love , joy , feminism women over there have it worse ! : as some of you may know , bill maher ... URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	im going to disney world on october 3rd . so if you want to come one down , come on down !
id1	id2	negative	None	and now i have to listen to tegan & amp ; sara because im so damn angsty after reading about the social pressures of 7th grade
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER they are adding an extra scene w/ darth vader for the abc special . the 2nd episode is awesome too
id1	id2	negative	None	game plan for the 2nd half . dont pass it to asiata .
id1	id2	negative	None	apparently the #stlcards had & amp ; missed their chance in the 1st and bumgarners back in koufax mode now . wish hed go kershaw mode . #nlcs #fb
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you hate it because it was a call against your boyfriend james franklin . remember you had them ranked 15th !!! lol
id1	id2	positive	None	perhaps i need a life , but i am really interested to see the fecs draft citizens united rules , which theyll take up tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER will tie his season high when he catches his 4th td sunday ! go colts !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy thursday , youre all welcome 24 reminders that norman reedus has always been ridiculously sexy URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL jennifer lawrence touched down at lax on tuesday sporting a love pin on her purse . simple enough , but if youre ...
id1	id2	positive	None	due to nine weeks testing , the pep rally will begin at 1:30 tomorrow , october 17 . go vikings !!
id1	id2	positive	None	words cannot describe how excited i am to be seeing demi lovato tomorrow !!! @USER im not going to cry this time .
id1	id2	positive	None	the #sacredheartsacademy gala is on friday evening ! read about the distinguished alumnae : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	great to chat with @USER jk simmons & amp ; damien chazelle about the excellent #whiplash film . not out till jan but go see when you can x
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER was it friday by rebecca black ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	todays pod @USER talks about the @USER deal w/ the patriots & amp ; gives thoughts on nfl & amp ; cfb for thurs night URL
id1	id2	negative	None	my morals dont agree with abcs ... may stop watching it
id1	id2	positive	None	name the story and season . earth 5th doctor tegan and nyssa omega amsterdam name the story and season . worth 4000 credits
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER agreed . i mean , we got to kershaw , twice . we can still do this . we can win tomorrow . we can win the nlcs , i just dont thin we will .
id1	id2	negative	None	if you thought designing brightest windmill is jokehave your last laugh at sangam university bhilwara 9 nov 2014 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ok that is it for tonight ! next week thur night at 9 and possibly during the week at random times :) aslan and kyle are the winners tonight !
id1	id2	positive	None	come on @USER lets not give up on finishing 3rd for the europa league
id1	id2	neutral	None	for the first time in about 4 months , im spending my friday night at home watching netflix and not wearing pants
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER how is it that someone who is hiv positive can be charged , but people who may have ebola are not penalized for moving in public
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER frankos rbi single in the top of the 1st gives gray a 1-0 heading to the bottom . atta way !
