id1	id2	neutral	None	seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume , april 10 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mt @USER #syria , deir ezzor : ali bashar al-theeb was martyred . he was a soldier of the free syrian army . wednesday , 3 october 2012 .
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for fri , not so i can get smashed but so i can go to the garden centre , look at the xmas display and have a coffee #wtf #grannyalert
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got the ics update from sony on my sola ( apparently it was released on the 17th , but update centre never told me , so i only knew ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	just thought about the fact that i’m now a junior . psat , pssa , sat’s , benchmarks , benchmarks , homework , benchmarks and , prom . wow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	bedtime . going to dayton at 10 tomorrow to meet with the head of the visual arts department for a private q&a / tour .
id1	id2	positive	None	sign of the times for once powerful cosatu ? @USER black shirts see red at cosatu march URL
id1	id2	positive	None	got my @USER tickets in the mail today !! so excited to see mario lemieux drop the 1st puck ! #hockeyisback URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sophos is the lamest virus ever ... : starting september 19 , sophos successfully became the lamest ... URL |infosecisland
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wooo , getting drunk on a wednesday night with jack kemp , basically a dream come true .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER on mtv hits in 30 minutes taking us behind the scenes of her under the sun video
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you’re not coming here the week of feb 16th are you ? i’ll be in oklahoma so i don’t want to miss you guys :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	jose iglesias / igleisas started at shortstop wednesday night for the second URL #mlb #bos
id1	id2	neutral	None	wasn’t there an international women’s day on the 8th of march too ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	game 3 of san beda vs letran will be on thursday at the smart araneta coliseum .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we’re partnering with our friends at ten thousand villages in green hills on sunday , june 17th . stop by anytime ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	see you at the houston improv , this tuesday , 9/25 , national voter registration day for a free show - vote for ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to @USER tomorrow at the mac championship !! do your thing buddy !! #gobobcats #macbaseball
id1	id2	neutral	None	whoa . is taylor kitsch seriously going to be at the charity game tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	due to the hurricane , game 1 of the the eastern conf semi-final has been moved to rfk on nov 3 . the 2nd leg will be in ny on nov 7 . #dcu
id1	id2	neutral	None	espindola double rocks galaxy : the star-studded los angeles galaxy may have to face one more game in the mls cup ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#rent in us up 10% betw jan’11 & jun’12 , up . 1% in calif says @USER sound right to you ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mark cuban : apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing ... URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	bersani , supports stability agreement to secure government : ( agi ) rome , october 24 - tomorrow the agreement on t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nikki beach miami is excited to welcome back our good friend patrick m this sunday along with nikki beach’s ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	joseph kony , despite the catapulting hollywood’s depiction , i’m praying for you . that you may find jesus so we can worship together
id1	id2	neutral	None	this sunday : join us at ten thousand villages to get holiday gifts . 15% of the proceeds donated to hias pennsylvania ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER guess what ? my mum said that i might be able to come to crufts with you nxt year ( march ) for one day and then go shopping x
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER gonna stay over in leeds for wednesday tho to get my fix of the eternal city
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you know what is happening tomorrow at yerba buena center in san fransisco ? #iphone5 #iphone5 #iphone5 #iphone5 #iphone5 #iphone5
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you have your hst made for the diamond chevrons qal ? tomorrow the assembly directions go up !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch the the morning blend tomorrow as ian bennett will be strutting his stuff in their fashion show . tune into tjm4 at 9 am .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ik heb een @USER als ’ leuk ’ gemarkeerd URL apple special event march 7 2012 ipad 3 the new ipad ful
id1	id2	neutral	None	#teamfollowback la liga : betis march on , malaga held to draw : real betis moved up to fourth in the table after s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	but me & derrick going to the fair tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	had a few emails about my storck adrenalin the chap clearly new feck all about carbon and bikes in general . i may have to brake it for spares
id1	id2	neutral	None	9th day of continuous shelling of baba amr URL #syria
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ... i hope they’ve left school by now !!... i’ll bring the photos tomorrow night from bilbao .. der der der der . i love you baby !
id1	id2	positive	None	mt @USER council of can chair maude barlow hits road to speak on protecting the great lakes ; 8-city tour will see her in #hamont may 16
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER is wednesday normally cascades help day ? i might want to make a trip at some point before january 21st .
id1	id2	neutral	None	seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for march 14 : ivan shares have traded as high as $3.15 over the pa ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pink diamonds host sabrina 25th birthday bash @USER crucial july 2nd be there to witness a movie in the making or hear about it ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	it’s our undergraduate open day tomorrow ! come and see everything dmu and the faculty of tech have to offer . more info : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait til my texans play mario williams and the bills sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	how did marco rubio , eva longoria and marc anthony bring star power to the election ? nbc latino breaks it down #latism URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i’m sitting here with my belt , in jean shorts watching cena win his first title . i think we tie for 1st my friend xd
id1	id2	neutral	None	idk how im gone make it to total sports tomorrow for selection sunday
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow im either gonna look like a crippled redneck or a drunk idiot on st. patty’s day . regular costumes just don’t cut it
id1	id2	positive	None	and snsd’s comeback is rumored for nov . 8 <333 i hope it’s true omg today is a good day
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i laughed a little , but not sharing them out with anyone . will the weather be good tomorrow for boris bikes ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER right you are , they could end up picking sidney crosby 1st rou ... wait a second , that already happened
id1	id2	neutral	None	last night was #tweatup dinner at bucci , tonight is sister’s bday dinner in sunnybank , tomorrow is dinner at the red hen . #whatweightgain
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ~.~ t u cant just tweet sum1 guess who imma see thursday and nit tweet them back !! >.< lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	this match marked the 13th year of undertaker’s wwe career . #survivorseries2003
id1	id2	positive	None	haha @USER and i took home 1st and 2nd place in the guess the weight of the pumpkin contest . free dinner for 2 in charleston
id1	id2	negative	None	i think it would be pretty wacky if we all came in naked tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	#4 : casecrown axis flip case ( black ) for ipad 4th generation with retina display , ipad 3 & ipad 2 ( built-in magn ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	at shaker practice as they prepare for super bowl matchup with shen on friday URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i teach my class to count in pennies at first . i may be part of the problem .
id1	id2	positive	None	going to sleep early , so i’m ready for tomorrow with the cab , evermore and maroon 5 :)
id1	id2	negative	None	tracy mcgrady signed with a team in china today . clearly , that team does not have aspirations of reaching the 2nd round
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER congrats xoxo shannon leto wins the indie category of the 17th annual drummies ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	today at island wing co -game day saturday : $2 domestic bottles ( all day ) . see it here - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you see us in the gazette on saturday ? if you missed it , here is the electronic version URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if there’s a car on cinder blocks in your yard , you may be a redneck . if there’s a dog on top of it , you may have #romnesia . jeff foxworthy
id1	id2	positive	None	pharrell may have had one of the realest gangsta grillz mixtape , ever .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER will there ever be a season 2 of terra nova ?? just finished the 1st season on netflix and loved it !! i want more :-(
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER nooo i am possibly going to be in dayton tomorrow night !!! :(
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER heard the song & i think this album is going to 1000x better than uan , btw tomorrow im coming to london , wanna see you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i only sat on a plastic chair when they were giving lap dances . i never broke it tho . im telling you i was straight .
id1	id2	positive	None	female dinner hostess needed , 12 nov ( 3-11pm ) , marina @USER bay , $150 . taking care of vips . pm/text me if you’re interested ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	td bank we welcome you into #littlehavana but please do not raze the 1930s bldg on the corner of sw 12th & calle ocho . keep the facade .
id1	id2	negative	None	sydney dalton , 1st bieber now 1d ? you’re such an attention seeker . you have nothing else better to do than ripping up posters . fuck you
id1	id2	positive	None	an opportunity to serve at the gazette’s halloween parade tomorrow night ! check it out ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	live blog : gingrich wins south carolina : newt gingrich swept to an easy victory saturday in the south carolina p ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tia sharp : cause of death may never be known- well they would have known it , had they found the body when they first search her house .
id1	id2	positive	None	just for clarification , spock is referring to time travel in that quote , it which might be possible by gingrich’s 16th year in office .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER would luv if you could make an announcement about chris rene concert @USER this thursday !! thanks !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	maude barlow to speak in toronto on may 15 ! anyone from @USER toronto going ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER hahah wait i really want to come out for st patricks day ! also everyone should come to boston for easter/ my 21st !
id1	id2	negative	None	myungsoo back to korea today , and he will go to japan tomorrow morning omf no wonder he looked so tired and getting thinner :((
id1	id2	negative	None	URL tudou merger may be in jeopardy , report says , bloomberg notes : see the rest of the story he ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to see the ipad hd ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER -> rt @USER stay tuned for the #bowltothewall contest tomorrow and get a chance to bowl to rahul dravid himself !
id1	id2	positive	None	#allifacts alli simpson ( born on 24th of april ) is an australian actress who love to make people laugh ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	just one of the songs to expect during the fray’s concert in smart araneta coliseum on november 10 . this is off ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#redsox over the mon daily red sox links : bobby valentine , clay buchholz , jose iglesias : usually a win makes eve ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	quota bill unconstitutional : sp : samajwadi party on wednesday ( september 5 ) dubbed as unconstitutional the bil ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you hear ? the fr . 15 program tomorrow night has been moved to cme ! see you upstairs at the cme tomorrow night at 7:00 pm !
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to cody reichard & scott darling .. 1st day of training camp for the montreal canadiens ’ ahl affiliate-hamilton bulldogs . god speed !
id1	id2	positive	None	lionel messi won his 2nd golden boot award and barely at 25 yrs of age . this kid must be considered one of the greats . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	great write in tonight ending in a random taco bell fix . see everyone sunday - remember daylight savings ends ,... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	it doesn’t matter that iona doesn’t have school tomorrow because 1 . i hate school 2 . we don’t have snow days
id1	id2	neutral	None	shooting myself in the foot >>> taking the act tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	the cab - intoxicated lyric video : URL via @USER thanks radio for giving me the 2nd best song in the world ^ , ^
id1	id2	negative	None	way too amped to sleep right now . it is physically impossible for me to take the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	nissan titan : eleven accidents with 22 cars in just over five hours saturday - riverhead local URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i want her so bad ... ohhh , in melodifestivalen you mean ? yes yes , but that will never happen . netherlands was 15th :’)
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m pretty sure it’s wacky wednesday at msa right now ... i actually want that right now , except without the ’ msa ’ part #happyhalloween
id1	id2	neutral	None	the toll affected by the great east japan earthquake tsunami 3.11 2011 : death- 15,871 missing- 2,778 amounts- 18,649 as of 10 oct . ( cont )
id1	id2	positive	None	come and join us @USER to be ’ women’s day @USER with @USER on nov 3rd - dealing with anxieties , addictions , abuse , hurts ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	video shoot weekend of the 17th in fresno . courtesy1 goodfellaz oath featuring tammany1 & jrocc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you will appreciate this .. sunday brunch coffee : normal cup in b/g and then the bowl of java . yowza . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	don’t forget to set your clocks back this saturday before you go to bed ! daylight savings time ends on sunday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may or may not have asked hugh dancy if he has an hmv rewards card .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah i went to the one august 12 at the comcast center ! wbu ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the picture is from karm al-zeitoun massacre in march you can find one with the same children on 60/70% URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	it’s game day saturday at island wing co . : $2 domestic bottles ( all day) ! see it here - URL
id1	id2	negative	None	trey burke has been suspended for the northern michigan game ( exhibition ) tomorrow . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	charges filed in calif . shooting that killed 3 - a convicted felon was charged monday with the murders of three peop ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	food inspires fashion ! come hang with table at @USER downtown tomorrow at 6 p.m. and meet fashion star winner kara laricks !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER how’s teengirl fantasy ? i may get in the car and drive to @USER to stuff my face with duck buns ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	so ... cafe asia might be the move for saturday ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	agh , i’m going to northglenn on monday lol just sit in my classes
id1	id2	neutral	None	what do you liked about peru ? *-* #askdongho .. see u tomorrow in fanmeeting <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	(( i’m grounded from the internet until monday , so talk to me while i’m still at school ! -.-))
id1	id2	neutral	None	im goin to allderdice on friday !! seems like it be smackin .
id1	id2	positive	None	all ready for the tour tomorrow ! maryland , atlantic city , nyc ,... we’ll be bringing some engelbert music to all the sandy affected areas !
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m going back to richard bland in january :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	busy day ahead in lev-loan land . wed’s launches : schiff , sophos , wabash , prv aerospace , emerald performance materials . #privateequity
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER from work ?! that’s a long day . are you planning on going to the paley celebration tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the san diego #chargers expect wide receivers eddie royal and malcom #floyd to play in monday night’s game against the denver #broncos
id1	id2	positive	None	it only took 5 days for them to fix the broadband outage . china telecom may be improving .
id1	id2	negative	None	becoming dangerously obsessed with one of tomorrow’s melodifestivalen songs . i’m sure you can see why . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sbs k-pop super concert on nov 10th in the united states , with snsd , 2ne1 , t-ara , beast , cnblue , kara , sistar cr tiarafact
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i just love this new show ! i watch it every thursday ! jeff foxworthy is so hilarious !
id1	id2	negative	None	tangina , my heart’s breaking . i won’t get to see sum 41 on the march 8 because i don’t like the line up for smash project . omg .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cuba . :) i’ll tell you more after i book it tomorrow and before i leave sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	guys remember that tomorrow is the last day you can donate to pennies for polio !!
id1	id2	positive	None	marshall golfer nathan kerns has finished the fall with the 12th best stroke average in the country . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	taiwan court extends ex-leader’s jail term - taipei : taiwan’s high court said friday it has extended ex-leader chen ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	storm aftermath : abj - october 30 - millions of people in the eastern united states awoke this morning to floode ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked a @USER video URL jay park dancing dougie with prepix outside t . g . i . friday’s
id1	id2	neutral	None	come along on sunday 11 november to the hilton hotel in dundee from 1-5pm . the clays shop will have a stall along ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	bolton wanderers have sacked manager owen coyle following a poor start to the championship season , which sees them lying 18th in the table .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the celtics may have lost last night , but at least the lakers did too !
id1	id2	neutral	None	thursday unbearable slackers will be performing at the le grand fromage in atlantic city . doors open at 6pm and you must be 18+ to enter .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER do we really have to march every time we have issues to deal with ? marchers clash at cosatu rally URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so aj getting in the elevator with cena means they had sex between the 3rd and the ground floor . -wwe logic .
id1	id2	positive	None	the los angeles galaxy clinched a spot in the mls playoffs with a win on saturday night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wednesday , 11/7 , will be the second 4sight test of the year for grades 3 - 8 . 4sights are pssa practice tests .
id1	id2	positive	None	vasilis girasis ’ webcast ( usually thursday ) will be available friday morning since it’s national women’s day ( hol ) in south africa tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	aug 9th st practice day . we haven’t reached st patrick’s day yet the snakes are still in ireland - come in and get bitten ! $4 snake bites
id1	id2	neutral	None	daylight is falling to the 10 hr mark near us/canada border URL via @USER #dst
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you’re an angry elf tonight ! apples , obamacare , relax its friday ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	last week to sign the petition to keep labour day in may . sign the petition today ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	eden hazard’s pass for mata’s 2nd goal yesterday was an absolute dream . had the watch it about 5 times to believe it . #worldie
id1	id2	neutral	None	tracy mcgrady , one of the all time nba greats , announced his farewell on tuesday , as he moves out to china to play for qingdao eagles .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we face the storm tomorrow morning at 8:00 am on victory lane 2 . the winner will advance to play the henderson hawks for the championship
id1	id2	negative	None	gators can’t get caught looking ahead to march : so tell me , when does the ncaa tournament start ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	uk vs sc game sat at 7pm . only on cbs college sports . channel 256 in the preferred tier in bremen&brooks . call 855-55-cable & upgrade ! #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	[ #happy7thanniversarythsk ] break out ! is the 29th single of thsk that beats the record of elton john for twelve years and four months .
id1	id2	neutral	None	apple releases 13-inch macbook pro with retina display - black friday magazine URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we also provided prepix and the managers with a common korean energy drink . hopefully it’ll awaken them a little tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#justathought if england don’t call up zaha before january , there is a chance of him being called up by ivory coast for the cup surely ?!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER what a shame about punchestown . unlikely to race at all tomorrow . i had 2 out as well in quevega and lietenant ( 2 miler !!! )
id1	id2	neutral	None	ucla game with malcolm saturday :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ best sellers ] #4 : the 2nd law [ explicit ]: the 2nd law [ explicit ] muse | format : mp3 download 1 day in the ... URL #amazonuk
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’ll be turning 25 tomorrow . all i want is crawfish , coffee & community . amen
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER supposed to be havin a party at cafe asia on the 10th but i’ve heard thats changed so idk yo . lol .
id1	id2	neutral	None	allyn’s crawfish boil tomorrow . i’ll be there sometime between 5 and 6 . come in and have a beer with me and eat some mudbugs !
id1	id2	positive	None	kent state baseball looks for its 17th consecutive win to bring home the mac championship . good luck @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	sprint getting samsung galaxy tab 2 10.1 with lte support , on november 11th : the first lte enabled ... URL <-- full story
id1	id2	positive	None	loved hanging out with the people at invisible children on monday ! so awesome and inspiring ! :) @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	... woah , deezer . babel only came out on monday , can you leave it up for longer than a day to give slow people like me a chance ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes sir ! airasia’s inagural flight . thank you sir jim for the photo opportunity and reply . my 1st time to b tweeted back ! yehey !
id1	id2	neutral	None	baru tau kalo picplz mau shut down tgl 3 july . kalah saingan sm instagram . somehow it reminds me of posterous vs tumblr .
id1	id2	neutral	None	grandparents day at providence is tomorrow ! check out the hand-made doilies our girl scouts made : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nets roster set , deron dishes on ankle - saturday , the brooklyn nets were up and at ’ em for a full practice , now th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this sunday @USER nightclub in toronto ... last night open .. clubs gonna be ram up ! see you there ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	what’s the occasion ? rt @USER cadres in cosatu t-shirts are congregating in a park next to hume road ( just off jan smuts ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	finally got to see the announcement #magic ... very inspiring story to never give up ... god will help no matter what the circumstances may be
id1	id2	neutral	None	that should be andy lee’s 3rd punt today down inside the 5 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	6000k white laser spxi nissan titan 04-05 893/885 fog light : halogen bulbs which use the latest revolutionary xe ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the mother’s day ... i love you , mom ^___^
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER fans .. we play ny this weekend on saturday @USER in dc . nov 3rd . i can’t wait to see all of dc out to support us . love you guys
id1	id2	positive	None	given the fact that today is the 8th of march and all over the world we celebrate the international women’s day ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i left it up in sb with zane my b , i can see if the holmes can bring it back friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER URL via the last time it was sarah louise palin this moment willard mitt romney or thursday joseph robinette paul
id1	id2	positive	None	see what max hastings was trying2say with ’ boris bikes ’ comment , just wish he’d said ’ cycle super highways ’ instead ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	council of canadians chairperson maude barlow set to speak may 24 , 7 p.m. , at the lambton inn in sarnia . topic , saving the great lakes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember-designs on doral : from the blue monster to the design district - tomorrow , november 2nd ! register now ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just because the sun isn’t out doesn’t mean you can’t get your tan on ! come by hollywood tans and check out the specials !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	community event : come support the center for the art of performance at ucla next friday ! in one special evening ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i love iconiacz that stand up for the boyz and the iconiac family . we may not have the biggest fan base , but we sure do have the strongest .
id1	id2	neutral	None	terrence jones & anthony davis presented roses to the derby winner . meanwhile , mike marra & peyton siva gave the 3rd place horse a carrot .
id1	id2	positive	None	in celebration of national women’s day on 9th of august , poise brands , in association with body sense boutique ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	come on a . dalton , please give more than 5.50 fantasy points in the 2nd half !! and thank you vincent jackson for 30+ fantasy points <3
id1	id2	positive	None	first time seeing the @USER @USER 54 in person ! can’t wait to see it in victory lane tomorrow ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well i’ll do the st. patrick’s day party aka my 18th birthday !! (;
id1	id2	neutral	None	who wants to go black friday shopping for brentley with me ?!? lol
id1	id2	positive	None	winter jam coming up november 18th ... toby mac just announced as headliner ! only $10 at the door , no advance tickets needed !
id1	id2	negative	None	1st debate showed emperor has no clothes ... wonder how the court jester , shoeless joe will do against ryan ? #gop
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hey what’s the status of kina grannis and her concert ? if the rain is still this bad we might not have a show tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if i go to claytons tomorrow come over and bring it . and you owe me ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	andando in bicicletta a roma -- si puo ’ dividere ( share ) pure li ! shareable : changing bike culture in the eternal city : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	november 14th houston improv get your tickets now houston show is 1 month from today me n my celebrity friends will be in the building
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER every day from work , monday had the paley screening , tuesday had to run errands , tonight auditions ran late . no break yet . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	tens of thousands of people marched though taipei on saturday to push for the legalisation of same-sex marriage ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd off s/o to morris hall it went dumb tha whole yr memories
id1	id2	neutral	None	#footballnews the 38-year-old left the eagles to take charge at bolton wanderers on tuesday , and jim k ... URL #tfb #taf
id1	id2	neutral	None	thursday felt like saturday . saturday was weird . this morning is like st patrick’s day . what is tonight like ? #futuregrequestion ?
id1	id2	positive	None	hottest ticket in town for the week : game 3 of the ncaa finals on fri , oct 26 at 1pm at the smart araneta coliseum .
id1	id2	negative	None	i don’t even feel like going to lcc on saturday .
id1	id2	negative	None	sup universe ? if crows lose tonight and belfort loses tomorrow , i will go jason russell on the streets of adelaide . don’t let this happen .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 31dec1988 v newcastle was my 1st ever game , 2-0 you & walshy scored , you and gazza was laurel & hardy on programme #coys
id1	id2	neutral	None	wow , vincent jackson just missed another td and potentially a 4th by freeman , who is over 400 .
id1	id2	positive	None	3rd season dance academy means to me : going crazy ! i love it and can’t wait :)))
id1	id2	positive	None	46 years ago today new orleans was awarded the nfl’s 16th franchise and the new orleans saints were born !
id1	id2	neutral	None	china telecom does away with creating the epon the olt : ftth and fttb price may be very URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER vs . byu tonight for 1st place in #wcc . it’s on @USER at 7pm #gotoreros @USER @USER URL ^rb
id1	id2	neutral	None	planning has begun for international women’s day on the 8th of march . actually , we’re working with kogarah ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got myself 3 free tickets to kwamz&flava on wednesday .. but i dunno if im going
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER to an extent bnp but if you don’t have a variety of political parties although i may disagree with them you have a
id1	id2	neutral	None	the home & garden show with ken brown , live from menne nursery , sat sept 22 , 11 am . listen to wben am 930 and call in with your questions .
id1	id2	positive	None	there’s a great big beautiful tomorrow darn it , can’t get that song out of my head ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	sp says quota bill unconstitutional - samajwadi party on wednesday dubbed as unconstitutional the bill to provide ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	blueberry muffins last night , brownies tonight , oreo balls wednesday ... i’m done .
id1	id2	positive	None	tuesday night is bogo free pizza !! can’t beat that . see you for dinner !!! brickhouse pizzeria and grill
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER guess whose going to be in charleston tomorrow too ... meee
id1	id2	positive	None	anybody in farmington hills looking to make some money i have a really nice family in need of a nanny mon-fri 3-5 pm . hmu if interested !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i thought that was just alan rickman ? david thewlis ( or remus lupin , if you may ) is mine ! we already agreed on that !
id1	id2	positive	None	nothing like a merseyside derby to start a sunday off ! let us know your thoughts about todays big epl matchups !
id1	id2	positive	None	what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger ! @USER mario williams to play sunday post-wrist surgery : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	crap ! this sunday is daylight savings time , which means messing up my internal clock . time say where you are !
id1	id2	neutral	None	we didn 39t make the hills tuesday night session at paleyfest but those URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	conference : last day for early bird regs for arps 2012 radiation safety : bridging the gap URL sydney 14-17 oct
id1	id2	neutral	None	so @USER i think we need a directioners day again with ayesha .. but .. cant be the 26th ...
id1	id2	positive	None	just got home & now watching the cuse game from earlier . i am watching syracuse basketball ! been waiting for this since march 24th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fire the turn sylvia c’mon #kingturnezbet
id1	id2	positive	None	excited to have nothing to do but sit around orono with no classes tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	event : tomorrow , 10/11 at 9pm we will be having an event invisible children in the commuters lounge - make sure to come through ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	chunji’s 1st ever audition song : 4men’s baby baby URL ( you can see him singing a short snippet at 0:58 ) #1005chunjiday
id1	id2	positive	None	#breakingdawnpart2 the saga may end but the love and friendships will last 4ever #loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	the next #marcorubio ? ted cruz , a #teaparty latino candidate , is trying to become the next u.s. senator from #texas . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	uprising muse | format : mp3 download ( 5)release date : july 26 , 2012 download : $0.25 ( visit the hot new releases ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dear coach sidney crosby , can you please schedule a skate at southpointe for a saturday or sunday , sometime ? pretty please ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER center stage on this 4th album & all the ones following it . i think you speak for all lovatics on this one mah . the day she can
id1	id2	neutral	None	mlb capsules - al : darvish to make cactus league start march 7 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER seriously . going to melodifestivalen is a bucket list item of mine . also excited for the timoteij album that drops tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	reagan will be here early friday morning . which she will share the same birthday as my brother . #toddeugenefreeman #excited #miracle
id1	id2	neutral	None	robert griffin told reporters wed that he’d rather be compared to an aaron rodgers , a guy who has won super bowls then #cam newton
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t get enough of @USER after the first #phillipifest conference ? catch him & jim rogers live 1 sep live URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone fancy giving me a ride from guildford to mitcham tomorrow at about 6pm ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	managed to convince my kryptonite to swim with me , this should be interesting . and hopefully the internet will will restored tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	news : sydney , july 19 ( ani ): australia’s young fast bowling spearhead james pattinson has said that he is quite happy to concentrate ...
id1	id2	negative	None	yep she’s running a fever 101.7 uh oh i think she is missing school and her girl scouts meeting tomorrow !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	texas ranked no . 4 in latest avca poll , minnesota is no . 14 so make your plans to watch this thursday and friday at gregory gym live
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you haven’t gotten your tickets to see comedian ali siddiq @USER inbox now ! 8-10pm this sunday , the 7th URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tickets purchased to m83 at the hammerstein ballroom on wednesday night .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER if you’re grandmother is your sister , you may be a #redneck . sorry , i sounded like jeff foxworthy . please don’t block me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	chris rene : live & exclusive ! : x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomor ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st one’s rosemary and rue and unless you’ve got a specialty fantasy bookstore nearby , you’re best going to book depository
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh god ... the saga . not a fan of it but more tolerable than tokyo . he closed on friday night of noc .
id1	id2	neutral	None	am i the only one , that imagined a jeff foxworthy voice while reading @USER ’ s blog ... then the disavow tool may be for you
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks ! the result may be more sidney crosby than lanny mcdonald , but i will post my pics with pride either way ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	omg jonghyun is following his hyung by giving me 2nd hand embarrassment feels . xd what are you cnblue dorks . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER serious it 2nd while naruto still first of course !
id1	id2	positive	None	my favourite runway so far during paris fashion week was #louisvuitton . it bring us back the sun #yellow URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to #occupy bay area at yerba buena center for the arts on tue , sep 25 URL #occupysf #occupyoakland @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	dst ends this weekend . we fall back nov 4 at 2 am . thanks for @USER for the reminder .
id1	id2	negative	None	i mean of course like millions of lovatics will vote for jillian . she may not know it but she’s basically sucking up .
id1	id2	positive	None	who just scored tickets to saturday’s game between uga and ole miss !? this yotefox just did^^
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it may have been against the minnows of fc gomel , but a great performance from rodger’s reds at anfield tonight , and a great start !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the last time the bearcats didn’t have walt in the starting lineup , september 12th 2009 . 41 straight starts have come since that game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so now i gotta decide between going to see duelo or heading to wild bills with friends saturday ...
id1	id2	positive	None	i’ve watched three films this weekend with anna kendrick in it and its only saturday . no regrets .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy to know that @USER is good to play saturday ! we can still take the big ten ! #wolverinenation
id1	id2	negative	None	msa is having a poo-poo kind of day ! :( if you are experiencing trouble with the site , i apologize . we may be ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if i may be so bold , the state of the current wwe product can be reflected in the health of undertaker’s physical being .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ucla coach ben howland on other pac-12 teams , i think cal may have the best pair of guards in the conference .
id1	id2	neutral	None	come meet all the kids today at st. patrick’s day parade in downtown cinci . if you want to walk with us , please ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER -__- shid i may not be able 2 take screenshots of it but everybody @USER me . peyton siva kik’d me this morn #nolie
id1	id2	negative	None	i feel bad for the ppl that have to take the act tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	unexpected 4th generation ipad announced at apple special event : remember how the 3rd gener ... URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	massive good luck wishes to alan pritchard and david owen running the snowdonia marathon tomorrow #smashit
id1	id2	neutral	None	free tickets for the national day of prayer w/pres . noynoy . call 3747618 look for mae . nov 9 , 8-11am at the smart araneta coliseum .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is a very important day in south africa - national women’s day is an annual public holiday in south ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tarheels finally scoe n the 2nd half 52-0
id1	id2	positive	None	oomf said he going to the fair saturday to make sure i be safe lol he can be sweet !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the last day of eid ( monday ) ceasfire has ended with 115 martyrs including 7 children and 3 women , lcc #syria URL
id1	id2	negative	None	shit that pisses me off : men that complain about international women’s day and don’t realise international men’s day is nov 19th . suck balls
id1	id2	neutral	None	np-let’s go @USER harris fr @USER all watched some @USER live performers in eko hotel last friday . alway feed with energy . ooohhh
id1	id2	neutral	None	#capebretonpost news avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to everyone who played jouvert with us red antz miami . see you all on the road tomorrow with euphoria mas .
id1	id2	positive	None	barbie’s belated fashion chat from paris fashion week will go up on the blog tomorrow . it’s as hilarious as karl’s new hula hoop it bag . ;-)
id1	id2	negative	None	skinny jeans , tuck in tops with cardigan for tomorrow , but no heels for the whole week ! my legs hurt like crazayyy !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m just trying to get that derrick rose sat score ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	rafa will play his third round match at the bnp paribas open at indian wells on tuesday against marcel granollers .
id1	id2	positive	None	m83 baby !!! hopefully , the crowd won’t be too rowdy like coachella . @USER ballroom for m83 and sun airway ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may even stroll to something besides rosa at jouvert ! but only cause it’s dark ... lol this saturday ! tickets $25 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	patrick leahy & christian bale together again . u.s. senator to make his 2nd cameo in batman movie in dark knight rises URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER thanks for the 2nd half info on neb helps salvage a rough betting day #latechsuckd
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER went to work on saturday and someone had spray painted ’ kony 2012 ’ on the side of royal high school haha poor effort
id1	id2	neutral	None	thabo masebe says government will meet with cosatu tomorrow morning and doesn’t want to be seen as ignoring union input . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	someone take me to charleston with them tuesday ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	while im at it kembreys bernie is abseiling off jurys inn on sunday for @USER call in to the office to hear all about it ! 155ft !
id1	id2	positive	None	pop bottles , make love , thug passion , red bottoms , mon claire , high fashion
id1	id2	neutral	None	yay ties and jan morrison ! ties begins work on stem schools in egypt with usaid URL
id1	id2	positive	None	playing castlepalloza tomorrow , main stage at 1.30 with @USER then deezer stage at 7.45 with @USER can’t wait ...
id1	id2	positive	None	lovatics loves demi . some lovatics bullying other fans because they spelt a word wrong , it’s not their 1st language ? bullying ? wow . just wow
id1	id2	positive	None	well i wish they were here as this is my 18th year and the first in as many that i wont see them here . see you at winter jam ... :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	saving face by daniel junge and sharmeen obaid-chinoy : oscar winner at the 84thbest documentary ( short subject ): wed , 26 sept-erasmus , 19:30
id1	id2	neutral	None	it always rains for allderdice’s prom then when it’s time for lineup the sun is shining bright . ?
id1	id2	positive	None	spending sunday with the family at galvins , hilton hotel . great views , great food even better drink .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER jesus ! il keep a look out . got a job interview with hmv tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	s/o to @USER for making it to the mac championship game tomorrow ! good luck ladies !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes . i’m thinking feb/march , possibly to include holi !? i want to play with all the colors !
id1	id2	positive	None	as if @USER is at centre point , may have to nip round the corner and stalk his fine ass #guiltypleasure
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER peyton manning is phenomenal in the 4th quarter . #broncos outscoring opponents 89-13 in the 4th quarter . #espn
id1	id2	negative	None	gawd , uan on nickelodeon tomorrow . -___- remind me to not get home before 6 . i hate watching the boys on nick , it just gets to me . >:(
id1	id2	neutral	None	when exam invigilators say you may begin . i think of thsk’s begin for like 10 seconds first . . - . #whatido
id1	id2	negative	None	can honestly care less about gay ass northglenn , let alone the game tomorrow . it’s the people i’m going for . #northglennsucksmassivecock
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i may disagree with you there but i can appreciate your love of hbk . @USER is the ultimate legend .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER to be fair , the link says 2nd bachelorette couple ... jason & molly are a bachelor couple :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER sorry i have organised a walks day for the 17th in cit
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 7th edition of the headies takes place at eko hotel & suites this saturday ! are you ready ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER espn’s chris mortensen reported that the #browns fear slb scott fujita’s career may be over due to a neck injury : bounty victim
id1	id2	positive	None	happy halloween , juniors ! be sure to stay on campus today ! help us gain class points , as we are currently tied with seniors for 2nd !
id1	id2	positive	None	me and my 2nd dad before his tip to the upper room .. miss you uncle bolee #tbt URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just made a plot for a fan fic about how to rock . it’s gonna be called before gravity 5 . i’ll post it by friday can’t wait for u to read it .
id1	id2	positive	None	daylight savings fall back is this sunday , nov 4 ! turn your clocks back 1 hr on saturday night before bed & enjoy the extra hour of sleep !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what time is the service tomorrow beichi ? at the cog near smb
id1	id2	neutral	None	sat in the chuck close lecture check out some of his work here URL #sfn12 #neuroscience2012
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER lol i will take nat’s word & give it a try . i may go back 2 supernatural later , watching arrow , last resort now 2
id1	id2	positive	None	don’t look at the bad things that were left behind ; yesterday is gone , today is now and tomorrow is yet to come - shannon leto
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what you mean ? you mean jonghyun and lee joon are sharing 1st place ?!?
id1	id2	positive	None	super saturday for a super walk ! thank you everyone ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER they not for sports wit yo hatin ass lol i’m smart af . yu just focus on friday and them practice ogt’s
id1	id2	positive	None	the new imac is so freaking thin . i may choose it over a thunderbolt display . unless they update it to !
id1	id2	neutral	None	my two west stand lower season tickets for the albion are available tomorrow night versus leeds . let me know if ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just finish doing it and tomorrow i’m going to the celtics game and don’t fucking say thanks for the invite it’s annoying
id1	id2	positive	None	omg !!! slaughterhouse is gonna be dropping a mixtape with gangsta grillz sometime before august 28th !!! :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie rose with bill joy ; daniel barenboim ( march 13 , 2000 ): bill joy , chief scientist at sun microsystems , di ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#apple your 3rd gen . ipad with retina display is worth a lot of money , especially at amazon URL #news
id1	id2	positive	None	this season of the walking dead has been getting better by the episode . can’t wait for next sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’ve realized you may have as much of a crush on taylor kitsch as i do ! we both enjoyed fnl , john carter , battleship ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeh it’s a joke . may as well make crufts an olympic event too if this counts as one ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER check out michael ball in concert with cork youth orchestra in dec . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	depending on the weather in goin to work half naked tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER pro day is tonight at tundra . combine is friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER usually go to a mosque in farmington hills . but got an exam tomorrow .. so not going .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER u have to always check airline ... airasia just ended .. next promo i think in december .. when u plan to go ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	registration open for 2013 land expo with exclusive access to jim rogers . jan 17-18 in west des moines . URL #landexpo
id1	id2	neutral	None	don’t forget about daylight savings time . it is this sunday morning at 3am . you get to move your clock back to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nabeel just sat on a hot plate of rice lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	eastern men’s lax hosting the mac championship on saturday be there !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	ahhh i can’t wait til laidback luke drops show me love & speak up tomorrow ! last time he dropped them sooo hardware !!! i love him !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	fire damages buddhist temple at skorea’s mt naejang : seoul , oct 31 ( kyodo ) a fire destroyed the main building of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER it’s sophomores only ! for the cashee test or however it’s spelt .
id1	id2	negative	None	eden hazard’s through ball to juan mata for the 3rd goal against spurs - are you serious ???!!! #onetouch #instinctive #class
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER : ill have copies on deck for the show on the 28th at the hoosier dome .
id1	id2	positive	None	#meenamorassi good friday waw .. URL is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it night niall
id1	id2	positive	None	all i want for my birthday , christmas , easter , labor day , st patricks day , thursday is a big booty hoe
id1	id2	negative	None	the shits going to hit the fan tomorrow , so ... im probably going to throw marshall under the bus .
id1	id2	neutral	None	flower closeups : flower : kon ! has added a photo to the pool : donation for japan earthquake 11th march2011www1 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the 29th and 30th of december ! when i’m in korea i’ll find out which hotels i’m staying at and let you know !
id1	id2	positive	None	this monday come and laugh your hearts outs all @USER with @USER @USER @USER at hilton hotel
id1	id2	positive	None	rahul dravid <3 you may not be in the national team ; but you are always in our national anthem . like | tag ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	snsd releases their music videos for ’ flower power ’ : with just two weeks to go before the release of their 6th j ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the mention of hollywood dailies may have been yesterday . if so , look out for reruns on reelz in the us
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER marni ! i thought that it was you . it’s roula !! good luck tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	11 more followers to go ! rt/follow for a chance to win a sampler ! you may even get to sample the new cigar we are releasing at the ipcpr !
id1	id2	positive	None	it just keeps getting better ! duelo is also playing on sat !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m wearing my kony 2012 shirt for the 1st time . i feel lame lmao :/
id1	id2	neutral	None	duke energy ceo jim rogers spoke publicly in raleigh for the 1st time since the merger with progress energy . #ncpol
id1	id2	positive	None	25-year-old dallas seavey wins iditarod - dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race tuesday , becoming ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	omg i’m going to l.a. tomorrow :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	if spurs beat chelsea on saturday , it will set a new club premier league record of 17 points amassed after the first 8 matches of the season
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 16 , 8pm est , big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials ! #1dupdates
id1	id2	neutral	None	la filla de sharon stone i andy garcia s’enamora a tossa tot sobre el rodatge de what about love a #horalgirona URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	eden hazard on the bench for the blues ahead of united saturday , no english team has ever won in donetsk
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER they were here in may for crawfish ! did you see them then ?
id1	id2	negative	None	feeding the dogs an hour later since dst ends soon and i don’t want them waking me up at 6am on sunday . they hate this . i hate dst .
id1	id2	neutral	None	aggtown : this fri i’m on stage at club crucial and mykfresh with me ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	like the look of golden sunbird in the last at ascot with fallon on board ! 3rd to quevega is solid form
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 23 is directioners day right ? i’m trying to prove to my little sister there’s a day for that
id1	id2	positive	None	i need to lose weight by august 6th is there any option besides the sydney dalton diet bc im vegetarian and also i love food
id1	id2	neutral	None	qingdao news , pics & more - tracy mcgrady wore snes with his picture on them during his 1st practice ... URL #travelnews
id1	id2	neutral	None	fitted hawaii mua new era x tahiti logo - see the full gallery on posterous releasing tomorrow at the fitted ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	no man , i see , may trust his might . his luck and heart will fail at death . - hallmund , the saga of grettir the strong
id1	id2	positive	None	excited to go on a diet with iona , the rules we made up a gr8 !!! givin eachother 20p if we eat something bad & sunday is watermelon day heh
id1	id2	positive	None	today in dubai , dance studios jlt celebrated it’s 1st anniversary and the international women’s day , 8th of march ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watch the sneak peek clip for tomorrow’s all-new how to rock a high school sensation ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #zodiacareus : sidney crosby , born under leo - 7th august . #hockey sid the kid shares my birthday ! #crosby #pens #nhl #lockout
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you going to laidback luke tomorrow ?
id1	id2	negative	None	jose iglesias homers w/ the #rays down 4-1 in the 9th ? that’s it , i’m calling it . 9/20/12 10:01 pm time of death for tampa .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lindsay lohan may say the producers of liz and dick promised to pay her enormous bill at the chateau marmont h ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	elsa has now launched the 11th edition of the elsa moot court competition on wto law ! sign up and face the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER here in bilbao were so fucking excited !!! you’ll be welcome tomorrow dude !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	sicily may form grand coalition , italian udc party leader : ( agi ) rome - on monday rocco buttiglione , the leader ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you own a nissan titan in bisbee , jim click wants to be your one stop automotive destination . visit us at URL
id1	id2	positive	None	christians news christian wilhelmsson : how chippen will help the los angeles galaxy URL may it be worthy .
id1	id2	positive	None	miles just hit a 3 , matched by gerald green ... indy is a deep team ... good test for cavs tonight ... down 3 half way thru 2nd .. waiters returning
id1	id2	neutral	None	kickback tomorrow for everyone that’s not going to #projecttx right across the street from nitemoves , dm for more info .
id1	id2	negative	None	there are many more catholics who do not agree with mourdock than gingrich or others may think .
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully going to the seton hall fall exposure showcase october 20th with my boy mike d .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i need to go to sleep ! i have to take the cahsee tomorrow /:
id1	id2	neutral	None	hot off our poster printer michael ball in concert with cyo december 8th 9th in city hall cork URL
id1	id2	positive	None	friday’s frock is irie’s thunderbolt dress by glam ! this adorable dress can be worn now with boots ( now buy one ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#swagcorner at the showdown 2012 final showdown | 4 july 2012 @USER live URL
id1	id2	positive	None	URL we are getting ready for a great #bollyfit pro day tomorrow with our instructors !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER any of ya’ll going to msa on thurs ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER for a bit . i’m going to the fresno game saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	give me a promo in the video . dont forgetrt @USER the announcement video is coming out tomorrow !! you guys will be aware of everything .
id1	id2	neutral	None	los angeles galaxy ( official site ) >> goal : juninho gets his 2nd of the night , 7th of the season URL
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s lookin up for the nfl ! according to espn’s chris mortensen , locked out officials may soon be back on the field .
id1	id2	neutral	None	apple special event october 23rd - ipad mini and maybe macbook pro 13inch retina , what you think ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER internet came back tuesday night . still some power out in the area but schools are back up and running
id1	id2	neutral	None	i got reggie wayne in the 4th , then worked it and got miles austin in the 5th
id1	id2	neutral	None	wednesday : the hunger games <3 thursday : supernatural <3 friday : the vampire diaries <3 ( my plan for the next 3 days ) :d xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	get ur tix now for fatboy slim , we are doing the new live visual set before him . so see u at kl live this saturday 14 july
id1	id2	negative	None	listening to sean parker’s hipster international mix on spotify . i think this fact may make me a terrible person .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER cant believe we didnt even take a trip to the beds today , paley saturday now me defo booo
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the only good this about this monday is that it marks halfway to st. patty’s day . #irish did you start celebrating early ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	cuse is canceling class after 1ish today and all day tomorrow #breakingnews
id1	id2	neutral	None	how can we improve environmental outcomes in canadian cities ? find out at bridging the gap on sept 25 : URL #publicpolicy
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i saw saving face for the 1st time this thursday and two more times this weekend . i think it is adorable one of my favourite films
id1	id2	negative	None	and you say derrick rose isn’t good because of the acl but dwight howard is the 3rd best player in the league coming off major back surgery ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	show this saturday night with our friends in at the gallows and emergency syndrome at the gladstone hotel from ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	who is the best ? 2ne1 , with their first full concert on dec 1 at the singapore indoor stadium . tickets go on sale oct 19 .
id1	id2	negative	None	i don’t know if there’s a greater indictment of the current gop than it violating reagan’s 11th commandment to attack christie . what a joke .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lol yeah was all set to oppose on sat until he got drawn vs richard bland lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER kim hyung jun ! i love you ... ^^ URL
id1	id2	negative	None	these niggas been showin the return of derrick rose commercials ever since the summer but he not comin back til like march ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	saudi security forces opened fire on shia protesters in the tense qatif district of eastern province on friday , detail
id1	id2	positive	None	the bands gladstone hotel last friday . pretty luxury considering what we’ve slept on in the past ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER i think that the 2nd place on melodifestivalen gives the points on eurovision ! ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	billy gillispie is awful . nothing’s worse than him being your coach . unless it’s losing to him in the 2nd round of the 2007 ncaa tournament .
id1	id2	negative	None	sunday night wrap-up : manning , broncos roll saints : his arm might not be full strength yet . and then he whacked ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you didn’t miss much , terrible 1st half , 2nd was much better . i prefer gazza , boruc should be dropped after that .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can’t wait to see your interview with craig ferguson at paley in october . he’s extraordinary .
id1	id2	positive	None	arnez j @USER sold out the houston improv last night and put a crazy , brilliant , side-splitting performance ! he’s here til sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	penn state tight end kyle carter ’ day-to-day ’ with ankle injury : on tuesday in the big ten coach ... URL #philly #sports
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER omg ! lucky den ! i was 12 when i saw drake for da 1st time and it was my 1st drake concert lmao i was 13 for club paradise :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	as of monday the 22nd , we will have 15% off all compatible/ generic hp , panasonic , lanier , and kyocera cartridges at URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the crown , filthy mcnastys , katy dalys or the duke if york in belfast ! can’t wait to catch you guys tomorrow night !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh btw , want to go up town tomorrow to get some snazzy photos of st patrick’s ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i’m gonna give one to leverkusen and two to mainz , relegating dortmund to the 6th position URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER do your thing son . by the time we go back on tuesday i’ll be done wit prototyping , cf and most of iwd . need yo ads genius tho
id1	id2	positive	None	i just noticed that alli simpson , sarah , and april follow me . why didn’t i know holy fudging fudge balls . this worlddd
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER we don’t even have naruto tomorrow just khr , bleach , and op . the negatives outweigh the positives .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah really we’ll thank you ! may see you soon , hopefully coming back to dmu for a post grad in jan . blessings , take care !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i haven’t made game-by-game predictions , but i think it’ll take a few breaks to get to 27-28 wins before selection sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	a great day for sport #orlandocruz ranked 4th in wbo has come out . we need more openly gay role models in the world of sport . a true fighter
id1	id2	negative	None	so it’s the start of october . 30 days till halloween . trust some dickhead to dress up as joseph kony on the 31st .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER forget tanning in the sun . come to hollywood tans and get your bronze on in just minutes ... saver , faster and private !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i seen her just the other day . . . jackin ’ mike d to my dis-may .
id1	id2	positive	None	just saw that @USER show from sxsw is going to be on axs tv this next sunday , november 4th . dig it !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER didn’t ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago ? why the 4th ??? cuz they can not compete with samsung , asus , nexes .,,,..,
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m absolutely skint til payday next friday . this all stems from being paid the day i went to leeds festival .
id1	id2	negative	None	extremely jealous of owain’s day off tomorrow , i hate sundays !
id1	id2	neutral	None	sprint getting samsung galaxy tab 2 10.1 with lte support , on november 11th #phonearena URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ferry schedules changes with end of daylight saving time : daylight saving time ends at 2 a.m. , sunday , ... URL #seattle
id1	id2	neutral	None	catching the 2nd half of munich v . leverkusen now #bundesliga
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do ya wanna go to trek at lcc this friday with me
id1	id2	positive	None	happy good friday URL is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it
id1	id2	negative	None	they didn’t bitch when deron williams passed the ball to jordan farmar to win the game ... but lebron can’t pass in the 4th stfu
id1	id2	positive	None	don’t miss this opportunity to participate in the next round of center stage tours . nominations due november 15 ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER < u > wake up fox , not going there > w bush years , dennis kucinich speaks @USER on aug . 26 , ’ 08 wake up america URL
id1	id2	positive	None	great article from tim dowling on foreign etiquette during the olympics . his take on ’ boris bikes ’ is fantastic . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mark cuban : apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing ( m ... URL #tech #gadgets
id1	id2	positive	None	home opener 7:30 tomorrow night vs marlies . lots of future montreal canadiens to see . lets sell out the lower ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	goodnight y’all ;)) ipad3 see you tomorrow :))
id1	id2	positive	None	do you remember melodifestivalen’s myestery guys @USER they are back with pretty cool new video crossroads URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sprint getting samsung galaxy tab 2 10.1 with lte support , on november 11th URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#questionsihatebeingasked this is why i stopped with montreal canadiens .. foreign languages .. say one thing .. may mean URL
id1	id2	positive	None	arsenal reportedly tracking the progress of leverkusen’s schurrle and schalke’s holtby as the gunners seek to strengthen their squad in jan .
id1	id2	negative	None	#teamcause , don’t forget daylight savings time ends this weekend , put your clocks back an hour saturday night so you’re not an hour late !
id1	id2	positive	None	watching michael ball’s performance of empty chairs at empty tables in the 10th anniv , and hit with sudden extreme feels ogod perfection
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER looks like we will be headin the charleston again , jan 4 winter jam !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER of an attack with sophos URL first european vendor security solutions @USER tomorrow ) ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	best day and weekend trips from seoul , by season : by elizabeth eunthere’s just so much to see in seoul , it may t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER never seen in aja on thursday ijsi’ll support it
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh my my this here anakin guy , may be vader someday later , now he’s just a small fry . -weird al yankovic ’ the saga begins @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	yeah , i get text notifications if it’s supposed to be cardigan weather tomorrow @USER paradise apartments URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	duke energy ceo jim rogers addressed the democratic national convention thursday afternoon URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	peru wants 1d world tour let’s go trending trending trending till we see the sun
id1	id2	neutral	None	after the great east japan earthquake on march 11 last year , the performance of the spectacularly tall tokyo sky ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sbc red lions clinch win first finals game over the letran knights , 62-60 . next game will be on saturday , 6pm @USER araneta coliseum .
id1	id2	positive	None	saving face is on the top of my adff to watch list . can’t wait till saturday > <
id1	id2	positive	None	will make this day productive ... fruitful .. and happy :) aja !! happy sunday @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	coming up in your weekend argus tomorrow : more on the #uct #daso election debacle .
id1	id2	positive	None	s/o to @USER ! i don’t really know her but she seems real chill . she may not know how to spell peyton siva , but still follow her !
id1	id2	positive	None	well i am almost done my biography on bloody maryaka queen mary the 1st its so insiteful
id1	id2	positive	None	new pics - divine saturday @USER asia - hosted by nba’s josh howard ! : one thing about it , the ladies love satur ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	2013 nba draft : chicago bulls 2nd round pick could look to add international talent much like they did with omer asik and nikola mirotic
id1	id2	negative	None	nit for thursday - what is the #1 thing kids do not like to hear their parents say ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER it’s slooow , much slower than ipad3 , can’t imagine compared to ones released friday , it’s a dud , balmer will be gone soon .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sophos commentary on the latest patch tuesday , including links to the various sophoslabs vulnerability assessment pages : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	payton manning will win comeback player of the year and might even win 5th mvp . still a lot of season to go , but manning looks great .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ok ... crash i-5 sb at the i-84 exit is clear ... still slow between 4th plain and i-84 . #pdxtraffic
id1	id2	neutral	None	international women’s day over for another year - roll on march 8th 2013 !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if you follow @USER ill make you my famous oreo brownie on sunday !!! :d deal ?? xxx URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wbo’s 3rd time fighter of the decade , manny pacquiao . #24oras
id1	id2	neutral	None	make your way to hilton hotel and grab your tickets for @USER this coming monday even make reservations via this link @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	nba star arenas may also shift to cba just like tracy mcgrady #spm2122 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mss fc have a tough drawn away to tristars and deloitte in the 3rd round of the london sunday fa cup , tie to be ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hyung jun’s interview is super long ! can’t believe it took me 45 minutes .. am i this slow ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER your nat may be strict or moderate . open your nat with this guide , please : URL let us know . ^lb
id1	id2	neutral	None	deron said he’ll practice tomorrow . could’ve gone today , he said , but he was told to wait 2 days to let injury heal up .
id1	id2	negative	None	wtf ! liu bei’s 2nd wife died ! why the hell cao cao so brutal !
id1	id2	positive	None	2nd win today , 2/1 .. lets keep it up guys ! next game on saturday at helsinki ..
id1	id2	positive	None	staying up with my baby levi tonight even though i have school tomorrow . lol yolo
id1	id2	positive	None	the thing siri says lol ... i’m going to sleep , i got a date with history tomorrow morning at 8 #midterm
id1	id2	positive	None	the struggle and grind came heavy and high , but god does it feel so damn good to know that bachelor’s degree is mine in december .
id1	id2	positive	None	huh , kofi annan tomorrow . look at you , @USER get it , get it . :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	in manhattan ? please bring food/batteries to the #homeless residents of @USER rfk apt @USER east 13th st #sandyvolunteer
id1	id2	negative	None	mario williams is catching hell ! he will be exposed on sunday ... not like buffalo don’t see him 4 who he is already !
id1	id2	neutral	None	take a warm winter vacation in myrtle beach : vacations made ... : ring in the holiday season at the 31st annual ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	no pain no gain balls deep sweet chin music hbk got us all da way turnt up ... hair weave killa dont sweat it tomorrow we’ll get you permed up
id1	id2	positive	None	well , my darling girl aja is happy ... no school tomorrow ! and really , i don’t mind the respite from getting up for highschool hours !
id1	id2	neutral	None	if spurs dont win tomorrow the only consolation we will have will be another entertaining twitter breakdown from @USER stay tuned folks !
id1	id2	neutral	None	t-blue joined the memorial service of the great east japan earthquake at logoslife church on march 10th . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yeah i was told 7-10 days , but then @USER found article stating it could be by friday in shaker . this sucks .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i just watched 10 hottest stateside stars on mtv hits . bby you were on 3rd place #proud #votebieber URL
id1	id2	positive	None	new orleans saints defensive end martez wilson’s helmet sunday night during the broncos ’ 34-14 victory .
id1	id2	neutral	None	for anyone in korea interested , mlg dallas will probably start on the morning of 11/3 . i know what i’m doing saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER : if spurs beat villa tomorrow it will be their second best start to a premier league season . #crisis #avbout
id1	id2	positive	None	in three hours time our boys will be taking on amazulu fc at orlando stadium in the 8th game of the #absapremiership #oncealways #upthebucs
id1	id2	neutral	None	i posted 20 photos on facebook in the album abbey dawn at new york fashion week - red carpet ( 10 sep 2012 ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	21 to go for alex smith ! #49ers mt @USER tom brady wins afc player of the week for the 22nd time in his career , tying peyton manning .
id1	id2	positive	None	half way to st patrick’s day is on tomorrow pj gallagher’s irish pub drummoyne ! don’t miss out on seeing the irish ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER more interested in a possible cena vs ziggler match ! more annoyed ziggler didnt even wrestle tonight or on smackdown friday
id1	id2	positive	None	goodnight ! i have an audition for honors band and pssas tomorrow . it’s the pennsylvania state standard assessment test . aahhh !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER posterous is super easy for uploading vid , esp from mobile device . plus got bought by twitter so integration may be on the way
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m struggling to understand the #womensday tag because iwd is 8th march . i guess there’s no point asking you to make me a sammich ? /runs
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER and i feel the exact same way about allderdice haha , its my 2nd favorite project he’s released ( behind k&oj ) . hes making good music
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER lol idek what phase my shit is .. i just know morris hall 3rd floor hell
id1	id2	neutral	None	this weekend , time warner cable sports ( channel 50 ) will be broadcasting friday night , the class aa semifinal , schenectady at shaker .
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg ! just seen the last episodes of #svu season 11 for 1st time . whoa ! - @USER @USER sharon stone & alex kingston together ?!! wow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	once march break is over i want it to be summer break , then once that’s over i want it to be christmas break .
id1	id2	positive	None	the #oscar for the best documentary short goes to daniel junge and sharmeen obaid-chinoy for saving face
id1	id2	neutral	None	after halloween i want to skip to dec 1st , then christmas holidays , then easter weekend , then march break , then victoria day , then summer !
id1	id2	neutral	None	bryce harper triples home solano with the tying run in the 10th off tim byrdak . 4-4 #mats and #nats .
id1	id2	positive	None	lolol that @USER just pulled up to my house blasting great big beautiful tomorrow . love this guy .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the last day of pssas !!! juniors will be testing during 1st and 2nd and then they are done with pssas !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	dennison : our offense will have its hands full with mario williams on sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing the things you can learn at shaker’s restaurant on a saturday night ! wno knew you could drop your kids off here !
id1	id2	neutral	None	carnival tomorrow !!! need to put my flags in the laundry
id1	id2	neutral	None	new 50 cent mixtape may 22 , hospitalized for mystery illness today : new 50 cent songs for the gangsta grillz 201 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so its sake at gui sensai’s tonight hmmm interesting , although i may just spend time with naruto , we rarely have any time together
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’m so excited for tomorrow ! directioners day and 2 years anniversarry one direction ! :’) i’m soo proud of you guys ! l ...
id1	id2	positive	None	and willard mitt romney is going to speak at their commencement on sunday ? i’m gonna pray for all of y’all who are going back in history .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER come and visit gregory gym on saturday for the orange vs . white scrimmage ! your fans would love to see you :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	done with the updates ! hurray for me !! ahehe ^_^ now i can go to sleep . six loads pa ang bubunuin ko tomorrow ... aja ! god bless everyone :)
id1	id2	positive	None	not an arse hater but happy to see them come back from 0-0 down last night v bolton to win 0-0 . awesome showing with the terry henry too .
id1	id2	negative	None	just think some misguided girl is in the vip tonight suckin dick & will wake up to 87,000 hits on worldstarhiphop tomorrow #bethiphopawards
id1	id2	positive	None	watching ’ the announcement ’ for 2nd time . story of magic johnson & hiv . its a fantastic documentary , upbeat message about a sad topic
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you’re in heaven , sunny with cardigan wind . if you’re in hell , humid , no sun , feels like it might rain but never does .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER when neb comes down here tomorrow i’m gonna knock the sled of his head then beat the fuck outta him with it
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you coming to the fair on sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	congratulations to my brother @USER now you can drive yourself to work saturday mornings !!! yahoo !
id1	id2	neutral	None	other than the super bowl appearance , this may be the final time manning and brees face each other in a regular season game .
id1	id2	positive	None	wish you happy holi - 08 march : noel gallagher surprises diners at ... : information about science & tec ... URL #asematy
id1	id2	positive	None	r @USER a pic from sunday night at center stage of us with the amazing blonz \u002c , /\u002c , / URL
id1	id2	positive	None	holiday to the eternal city is booked . fly out early december . hoorah .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER unfortunately , not yet . wanted to go to revenge at paleyfest in march , but couldn’t make it . :(
id1	id2	positive	None	birthday sex is on mtv hits . this makes me think about 6th grade lmfaooo
id1	id2	negative	None	st pattys is no big deal for me , no fucks are given , but cinco de mayo on the other hand .. thats my 2nd bday .
id1	id2	positive	None	my bulls play tomorrow .. without drose but it’s ok . a true fan sticks with his team no matter what .! #bulls
id1	id2	negative	None	-- he mumbled something like remus lupin , 7th year and now it sucks that people always just know james and sirius , -- [ @USER ]
id1	id2	positive	None	i love the triangle r @USER this is really going to hurt virginia tech on selection sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	thunderbolt and lightning may have been very very frightening for queen but it is very very exciting for me ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER glad to hear everyone is ok ! a catch up is on the cards soon i’m back from seoul on saturday .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER apple is about to lose my business . i recently bought this ipad may 31st ... you come out with new ipad and discontinue ipad3 !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	i really want to go watch the iona vs hall game tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you wonder why we keep on this sustainable path , run the trails around cardigan . closed loop at its best , nature . #doworkshop tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	merseyside derby ! hope the result will be great after this long and hard sunday . #lfc #ynwa
id1	id2	negative	None	browns r cursed .. @USER chris mortensen reported that the #browns fear slb scott fujita’s career may be over due to a neck injury
id1	id2	neutral	None	dennis kucinich to run in the 6th district ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	life size cardboard cut outs of obama and romney ? acquired . mark your calendars and join the pssa at gerts on november 6th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	four players remain : merson 86.4 m , sylvia 63.5 m , balsiger 30.9 m , thomas 17.2 m . one more bustout tonight and the final three return tuesday .
id1	id2	negative	None	anna kendrick may be the only thing that saves this asshole of a movie .
id1	id2	positive	None	go chicago bulls beat the calivlers this monday
id1	id2	negative	None	i have hspa tomorrow why the fuck am i awake ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	book off november 6th ! the pssa is going be having its first event in years for the american election . details to come ! #uofr #urpsci
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st preview of the new hu w/ @USER @USER @USER & wayne knight ! premieres tonight 12:30 am pt on reelz ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	junhyung is involved in a new song with prepix . i think he produced the song . the song will be released on april 24th . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	game v bolton on the 31st looking forward to it , not played a competitive match in ages ! 6b5
id1	id2	negative	None	heather is like the serpent in the garden trying 2 entice info from mcbain ! michael easton , dont ever go away that long ! watching tues #gh .
id1	id2	negative	None	or , you know , some version of it . in 4th grade , i was writing a novel called prisoners of radio city and @USER didn’t exist yet !
id1	id2	neutral	None	bridging the gap breakfast sat morning nth highld fellowship hall . looing for all black leadership . one front . 9 am i.m.a.l.c.
id1	id2	neutral	None	facts about friday’s matchup with fresno - rhs will be the home team friday , but has never truly had a home game vs fresno .
id1	id2	neutral	None	weekend playlist - vol1 - every friday im going to post a weekend playlist of my favorite tunes for the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh nice !! you should come to our show at the lair on dec 1st with heroes for hire , masketta fall , forever ends here and wstp ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	quin coleman breaks a 19-yard td run , getting hot springs within 34-14 with 2:51 left in the 3rd . #arpreps
id1	id2	positive	None	baseball game with brentley tomorrow #goddoesgoodthing @USER we r . back @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you didnt know ... #wetnwyde4 will be at club crucial 9pm saturday night 2535 e arkansas ln
id1	id2	positive	None	tracy mcgrady arrived in china on wed after signing with qingdao eagles . his arrival at the airport was crazy - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	well done boyle !!! boyle is gearing up for the moone boy st. patrick’s day parade - 3pm - 5pm tuesday 25th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	awesome thursday meeting !!! mike d . rocked the house ! @USER tree by hilton ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	shinji kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on tuesday , to support children in areas hit by the japan earthquake URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mark cuban : apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing ( mike shields/adweek ) - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fyi , golf fans : @USER will join moj on wednesday nights to recap big break greenbrier . tonight , he’s on at 6:10 . #jamesbb #saucerpass
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sir , there are enemies in the white house . something needs to be done today not november 6th . clinton , obama , panetta , petraeus , lamb
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m just waiting until thursday . i won’t be at school . i’ll be at the smith center the entire day . fuck yeahhh
id1	id2	positive	None	qt @USER in the original draft of the 7th book , remus lupin survived the battle of hogwarts . #happybirthdayremuslupin
id1	id2	positive	None	my mommy just said she’d give me $ 1,000 to go to peru in march !!! whoo whoo whoo !
id1	id2	positive	None	today’s the 13th . you know what that means ? it’s swift day ! :d happy swift day lovelies !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’ll come for the faculty exhibition on tuesday .. and i’m like most of the time in uni after 3:30 pm :) in cit building
id1	id2	negative	None	syria , homs , baba amr under the fire heavy bombing by al asad and his thugs 22 feb 2012 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER to be fair i do like your current chosen charity as nat will be having our second kid at the womens tuesday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER marni and dan are honestly the nicest people ever !! met them last saturday :)
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m done with sats . if anyone wants my sat book w/ notes hit me up . i’ll let you have it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lets fly like a bird ! this friday a new birdhouse edition at the jimmy woo with flava , clay , youri alexander , don perigion and more !
id1	id2	positive	None	letsmovedown will be at the comcast center this friday for the terps v . iupa exhibition game . come check us out !
id1	id2	neutral	None	come along to ’ business in crisis ’ at the conservative party conference tomorrow , 6:30 pm , jurys inn , birmingham URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	spend your halloween night with us !!! movie night in morris hall ( phase2 ) !!! tomorrow !!! free food !!! games and movies !!! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	carolus linnaeus , the 1st to establish a precise biological system for naming organisms by genera and species , is born on 5/23/1707 .
id1	id2	positive	None	w . o . w wednesday ! marni lands this lumberjack vest for the ladies looking to bring a little tom boy toughness URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	brush picks shaker off , but then shaker returns the favor , picking off brush . still 13-7 brush in 3rd quarter .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha ok i’ll put you on the list . but my sweet got moved to either the 23rd or 24th & its gonna be at the lcc instead
id1	id2	positive	None	national women’s day in #southafrica this thursday , 9 august . promote gender equality and an end to abuse of women in africa + the world
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER once again i 2nd that ... i wanna know what the hell they are saying on bachelor and cube without translator
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ugly , are you taking the cahsee tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	federal reserve sticks with stimulus - the federal reserve made no major changes to its policy wednesday , deciding t ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	got my monthly november pass today , it’s the new orleans saints color
id1	id2	neutral	None	#broncos peyton manning is 1st in passing rating 109.0 and 2nd in #nfl with 12 30+ yd passing plays , 7.7 avg pass length , 269 dropbacks
id1	id2	negative	None	marth cashee retake tomorrow and i havent studied . still busy with this book report . fml
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER yes ofcourse #bo wise pawan and ramcharan will be in 2nd , 3rd positions with chiru fans support
id1	id2	positive	None	vinny from iconic boyz may have leave the group but he will still be in all iconiac’s heart . ( love you vinny )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER of an attack with sophos URL first european vendor security solutions @USER tomorrow ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rick majerus coached ball state 2 years , ’ 88-89 team went 29-3 beat pitt for the school’s 1st ncaa tournament win .
id1	id2	neutral	None	from milano , roberto & eva cavalli , sharon stone , the head of mac , just cavalli backstage , show , new store next sunday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER omgosh please please please !!! semi is on nov 16th !!! the weekend of the nc state game !!! :)))
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER so , i take it you will be dressing up like drose and trying to sneak onto the court tomorrow night ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	jv game tomorrow at the high school at 430 come out and support and watch us beat on shaker
id1	id2	neutral	None	kuromori kagura , japanese traditional dance , comes to towson from the tohoku region , saturday november 3 @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait for epik high’s comeback perf at inkigayo this sunday ! my bommie unnie will join the perf !!! super excited !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER double lock the doors tonight . mrs bob’s unconscious self may go wandering , nekkid & angry . not sure brownhills is ready .
id1	id2	positive	None	canvassing for obama with eva longoria tomorrow at 2 : 672 willow bend rd , the meadows development in weston everyone is welcome
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday everyone ! check of leah’s pick of the week : glasses : miyagi talia sunglasses : oliver peoples ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#cgvb is off to the finals ! everyone go to reynolds colosseum at nc state at 2:30 on sat . to cheer #cgvb to back-to-back state champions !
id1	id2	negative	None	san jose , calif . -based ebay ( nasdaq : ebay ) announced the job cuts in a statement monday morning . most of the job eliminations would be fro ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	30 on the sun , 720 on the dunks . perm pressed hair smells like sharon stone . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	buy your tickets this week for the smash project 2012 at ticketnet outlets . smash project 2012 on march 8 , 2012 at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	grand opening for villa sneakers is sat 20th with club’s 937 lv and ricky burns at 10am | URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	from espn : la liga : betis march on , malaga held to draw : real betis moved up to fourth in the table after ... URL #ncaa
id1	id2	neutral	None	guys ... i’m seriously ... #stonehill right now ... unranked and beating #3 #newhaven in the 4th quarter ... cbs college sports ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	kirko bangz comes to @USER tomorrow nite !! get your tix for the show > URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt : nbc’s fashion star is casting tomorrow in san francisco & atlanta ! think you have what it takes ? #applynow #lookingforthenextfashionstar
id1	id2	neutral	None	afi fest , the granddaddy of l.a. film festivals , opens its 26th edition thursday night wit URL
id1	id2	negative	None	cashee on tuesday & wednesday , math test on thursday , an essay due thursday too to top it all off rain all week ! wtf !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tonight is tanked tuesday get completely shitfaced & play battleshots & beer pong while listening to biggie smalls it’s a vacation tradition
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you to my new followers . @USER and @USER may god you always and forever !!! love , levi
id1	id2	neutral	None	golf tomorrow !! meet at the forum at 2pm !!
id1	id2	negative	None	brilliant burns stops mitchell in 4th : kevin mitchell’s bid to win the wbo lightweight title ended in failure on ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tickets avail for insieme next sunday , may 20th at moomba ! #alessandra &felicia on stage to perform +start a great night ! don’t miss it y’all
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for the colts game with my love , @USER sunday :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	tiff gretchen fell asleep 3 times during the pssa’s in 8th grade #pms #legend
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER a.b.o.d parade past ardoyne shops on sat . if we cum down on boris bikes will the shinners be o.k ? lol
id1	id2	positive	None	in south korea ? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow . join us at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	out ! monday night dinner with nit in a few . 18th :)
id1	id2	negative	None	in tears after watching that dance academy episode for the 2nd time
id1	id2	positive	None	we’ve landed on the world famous calle ocho ! our new offices are located on 16th avenue sw 8th street at the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy saturday morning !! if you’re in austin this weekend don’t miss the state’s largest book festival happening this weekend at the capitol
id1	id2	neutral	None	ephesians 6:11 ( neb ) - ephesians 6:11 ( neb ) put on all the armour which god provides , so that you may be ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#headiesall of you famzing live at the #headies and dnt knw where eko hotel n suite dey .. may ur twitter connection be bad . #godpunishu
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to the ucla football game this saturday with my boo . <3 ^.^
id1	id2	neutral	None	one fc 6 : rise of kings is scheduled to blow the roof of the singapore indoor stadium on saturday , october 6 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	breaking news : i’m going to youmacon with my sister on saturday . i will be dressing up as every character from naruto .
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked a @USER video URL dtac deezer -- the 1st social music streaming in asia ( available now )
id1	id2	neutral	None	fact : arruba has a really fat man in their march . he is called cherie blair . xox
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER back ’ 09 when you followed me ? club paradise me being ratchet in the 6th row ? no doesn’t ring a bell ? kay . love you ! lol
id1	id2	positive	None	what ?! seoul on jan 28th - feb 5th . send a request for the accommodation in the corner of myeongdong . i wish it will go through well .
id1	id2	neutral	None	kony2012 filmmaker jason russell explains breakdown : i literally thought i was responsible for the future of humanity URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER don’t forget to remind the people that daylight savings time ends 2am sunday . set you clocks back one hour .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sharmeen obaid-chinoy’s short documentary saving face won an oscar at the 84th academy awards and made her the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER that’s asking a lot . that would mean a lot of big east dominance and late ncaa march runs . bring it on !
id1	id2	positive	None	with snsd’s new single out just in time for my gig at 7th heaven do you think anyone would notice if i dropped it in ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	asu pajamas or northglenn pajamas tomorrow ? trust me , its harder than you think .
id1	id2	positive	None	well , the theme in uan is winter season i can’t feel it they’re so hot ! hotter than the sun !
id1	id2	positive	None	hope you can join me tomorrow at 7pm at scoreboard bar and grill in nashville , tn !
id1	id2	positive	None	only at ics does everyone tweet about their homework productivity on a saturday ... holla at the good students #icsprobs
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i was speaking in general .. but romney and obama full of bullshit .. put dennis kucinich on the ballot then i’ll be 1st in line
id1	id2	neutral	None	the team may not be playing great ball right now but ss of the future jose iglesias is 0-14 since his call up ... so there’s that ! #redsox
id1	id2	negative	None	vice-president of the senegalese fa has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday’s home tie with ivory coast .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER listen to armin van buuren on a state of trance each thursday at 1 pm est on the trance channel on URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thank god its friday , rick ross da boss live in lagos tonite at eko hotel . come link up with me .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER some cool baseball facts- posted by neil degrasse tyson the baddest astrophysicist in the world @USER posted july 10th
id1	id2	negative	None	for international women’s day , let’s not forget trans*women and those who don’t follow the gender binary !
id1	id2	positive	None	a rumor popped out about an @USER concert in kyiv this february . i wonder how true that is . i’m so going if it’s true , though .
id1	id2	neutral	None	abraham decisions stieglitz to win wbo title : in saturday night action from the o2 world arena in berlin , german ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	michael dyer just may be the dumbest young man alive ... smh
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m getting strong mail that eden hazard will become a roo tomorrow . pick 39 & garlett to wherever the f*ck hazard plays soccer . good deal
id1	id2	neutral	None	i fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once , but i fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times . -bruce lee
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER the saga may end but the love & friendships will last 4ever #loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits
id1	id2	negative	None	i’ve been checking shannon leto’s height continuously since friday and they still think he’s 4’11 i’m rly confused
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER marni , how are you ? i feel like its been forever . i had my 1st day back at work today after 9 months off . i’m stuffed . xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	adios jim calhoun - the coach with the most ncaa tournament wins that didn’t coach at unc or duke ( 4th when you add those schools ) .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gotta get to bed . off to cincinnati tomorrow for the ’ cuse game saturday . nite twitter .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on reelz , this would be the 6th episode all new they do however replay episodes occasionally . @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	saudi board omfs resident eastern province for upcoming year contact dr. ahmed jan with suggestion regarding your scientific activities
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the next mitcham forum meeting is on 23 october in vestry hall . would welcome suggestions for the agenda .
id1	id2	neutral	None	obama closing gap with romney in usa 2012 elections : ( agi ) washington , 25 oct . - seventy-two hours after the fina ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume , april 23 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we’re going tomorrow ! @USER multi chamber of commerce event at nikki beach miami 8/8/12 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	embarrassed cardinals try to pick up the pieces : tempe , ariz . ( ap ) - embarrassed on monday night , the arizona ca ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	our next broadcast is monday when the soccer team takes on seaholm in the first game of the mhsaa districts .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #weezerjkt #rockstarmarylive beverly hills , that’s where i want to be ! but not on jan 8th because i want to be in lap . d !
id1	id2	positive	None	reuters right now : cme acquisition provides opportunities : oct 17 - the cme’s purchase of the kansas city board ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday : china’s first 10 years in the wto . small fee for cle . iu students and faculty free . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want to go to chateau marmont tomorrow night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	come check out the action trivia at the draft bar and grill in studio city every thursday from 8-10 pm . not only ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	passionate about cnis ’ work , be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - victoria oak bay 1976 oak bay ave
id1	id2	neutral	None	ufo ...? over east village nyc 10-22-2012 from the corner of e 5th st & ave a i saw a bright orange glowing li ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tickets are cheap at least . and c’mon , you don’t get that many chances to see and possibly meet mario lemieux
id1	id2	negative	None	can’t sleep . got a lot on my mind . if i can’t get to the wgc tourney in russia , i really need to fight in dec/jan ... gotta stay busy !
id1	id2	neutral	None	in honor of @USER leading theological students astray : hair band tuesday features giant’s last of the runaways .
id1	id2	positive	None	chelsea v united , everton v liverpool , bayern v leverkusen , marseille v lyon . i think it’s super sunday !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	i just saw kirko bangz for the first time . i may be in love .
id1	id2	neutral	None	preparing my birthday cakes for tomorrow . .. bday girls shouldn’t have to bake their own cakes .. oreo cheesecake on the menu for colleagues
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i think donovan gets drafted in 6th or 7th rd . had a great pro day that’s sounds about right !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	great job @USER for getting two cars in a hotel conference room on the 5th floor at sxsw ! #iaprsa12 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	it was windy on saturday ? andre’s fault . joseph kony hasn’t been caught ? andre’s fault . dell make shit pc’s ? andre’s fault . #avb #avbout
id1	id2	positive	None	happy labour day slicers : ) we found some sun earlier and are chasing the waves today , back tomorrow for all ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i got hspa retake in the a . m .. who wanna walk to school w . me tomorrow :d ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER what time are you going to claytons tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER if you don’t see me monday , tell everyone i shot myself in front of mario lemieux’s statue .
id1	id2	negative	None	congressman dennis kucinich ( d-ohio ) , who lost in the recent ohio primary election on march 6th , due to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	takin my math cashee tomorrow , thursday nd friday helpin out at the special olympics ! hopin my best friend is there ! (: #winnin !
id1	id2	positive	None	oomf is in for it tomorrow i just can’t wait i know exactly what i am going to do to them ((:
id1	id2	neutral	None	< tech news > apple’s iphone event : join us wednesday ( live blog ) the lam research theater at the yerba buena center for the arts in san fr
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER marami sis . moon that embraces the sun , love rain , scent of a woman , fashion king , king 2 hearts , queen in hyun’s man =d
id1	id2	positive	None	less than 24 hours before the 2012 season begins , hope to see you in gregory gym tomorrow night at 6 p.m. #hookem #pointtexas
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m about to send #p4d pennies 4 dollars 1st ever single to dj’s who want to hear another lane of music ..
id1	id2	positive	None	vincent jackson limited in monday practice estimates , fantasy value just fine for thursday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	obama in new jersey today says he is there for them . however tomorrow , he must head to vegas again to campaign with eva longoria ! sorry !
id1	id2	neutral	None	my 1st fantasy team is the hurt boys . dwyane wade , dwight howard , john wall & derrick rose .
id1	id2	neutral	None	in manhattan ? please bring food/batteries to the #homeless residents of @USER rfk apt @USER east 13th st #sandyvolunteer
id1	id2	positive	None	if you missed @USER mra on tues it’s back on 50 mins pay attention cause there’s a chance to hang out with hbk URL
id1	id2	positive	None	awe @USER is retiring . 1st pro tennis match i ever watched live was andy vs feliciano under the lights in indian wells ! #goodtimes
id1	id2	negative	None	don’t want to home tomorrow #omfg ihateschool -.- cuba is awesome ...
id1	id2	positive	None	here comes the weekend . james bond tonight , #f1 from india sat&sun ( come on jenson ) , #boro v bolton , and a good weather forecast for photos !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow’s invisible children meeting will take place in the lucap office beginning at 1pm
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER congrats for the 10 million of lovatics , our body is ready for your 4th album , love ya <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER father’s day is just commercial of course but the british version of mothering sunday goes back centuries and it marks the ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow night at crocodile the rev . j.j.v. & co . headline a benefit for some village in tohoku that got hit ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER jordan farmar who may get bought out would be better but even then only for the minimum if he would take it .
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for tomorrow . big day at sunnybank for premier grade and premier colts . must wins to make the major semis :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER mrs arrested 4 streaking @USER judge gave her 2nd place with her puppies but said her afghan could do with a trim
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER please clarify if the show in atlantic city on november 9th is still on !?!?
id1	id2	neutral	None	of all the receivers with at least 20 receptions , cecil shorts is 2nd in average ypc ( 20 ) . behind vincent jackson ( 21.6 )
id1	id2	neutral	None	tune in to mtv hits tomorrow for the making of #wideawake & don’t forget 2 vote 4 wide awake for a mtv vma ! URL @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	if gerald green doesn’t have the most hops in the league then he definitely is a strong 2nd !! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER u may as well slam tent it all day till roses . whole day in there looks pretty good . start with teengirl fantasy ...
id1	id2	negative	None	worldstarhiphop has a video of @USER kissing stevie j -- men don’t kiss other men on the lips .. 1st time was suspect , now you guilty
id1	id2	neutral	None	finally get to use my gc from mother’s day for a facial and massage tomorrow ! now i can act like i’m the stay at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER deron and tyson chandler ... brutal . can’t wait for lebron to stick the dagger in me tomorrow night
id1	id2	positive	None	renner hits ebron on the post route . touchdown tarheels . pat is good . 7-0 tarheels . 5:49 left in 1st qtr .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ron francis . mario lemieux and jaromir jagr took all the scoring titles , yet ron sits 4th all time in scoring .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’ve never been , but am going to farmington hills on thursday ! deals galore i hope , and gail’s checkbook .
id1	id2	positive	None	1st down bearcats . thank you louisville
id1	id2	positive	None	our fun fair cape colour in competition that appeared in the cape argus on saturday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ya i was wondering wha that was lolrt @USER so i may have just seen a ufo . anyone else in mboro see those crazy lights in the sky ?
id1	id2	negative	None	renewed fighting rocks syria - an early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of deir ezzor on saturday in an ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this is just a friendly reminder that tomorrow is halloween in metroplex .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ’ cause lovatics r more ... lovatics may not be registered in twitter , it’s normal
id1	id2	neutral	None	one for your diary . we have reindeer’s coming to the garden centre on saturday the 8th of december ,
id1	id2	positive	None	my 2nd time reading hunger games ... but then i want to read shoeless joe badly . #dilemma
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey , i think you ve done a mistake on th journal , sep 3 , it is equpiment , hst recoverable and a/p jims and not bank , it is an invoic
id1	id2	negative	None	jason russell interview with oprah is sunday ... let see if the gay question comes up . because him being in the closet it just sad .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER aye can you bring my ucla sweater to school tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL kugan cassius interviewing ricky burns on his dec 15th fight ! is rick the only world champ still working part time ?!..
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ah . you may survive it . york may have a word with you about it . he’s a dick . a fucking 5’s too short for his liking
id1	id2	neutral	None	14-13 shaker over brush in the 3rd
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER didn’t ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago ? why the 4th ??? cuz they can not compete with samsung , asus , nexes ...,,,
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER kl live is really compact . my friend went for beast’s 1st showcase and it is really squashy . just a heads up .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a regal nissan titan helped walk a bride down the aisle on saturday . share your special nissan story . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i was just about to say , i know where natertater is going to be tonight ... it’s paleyfest for castle so i am not that stalkerish
id1	id2	neutral	None	soaking rain falls across metroplex : widespread rain across the metroplex soaked the region saturday ,... URL #dallas #news
id1	id2	neutral	None	get ready lovatics , the voting starts on october 23rd URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER in the upper room sat night was awesome ! and standout simone messmer - awesome ! wish it was filmed ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	#reasonsiamawrestlingfan macho man , hbk , bret , roddy and others who got me 1st hooked on it .
id1	id2	positive	None	what a great day(speaking of sunday ) ... had an amazing youth service at upper room milele(forever ) ministry !
id1	id2	positive	None	just like me was 4th most requested on aka today ! thanks for the support !!! it’s also on flava now !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i’m sick of playing the pacers & gerald green playing like the 2nd coming of michael jordan smh
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lol bastich ... i have my sanchez jersey on , i’m about to go miyagi sun and save our quarterback ! #jets
id1	id2	negative	None	no school for me and nat tomorrow . sucks for you guys !!! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	happy taco tuesday @USER tavern ! fried shrimp & crawfish with homemade guacamole or pulled roasted chicken w/ ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	malaysia’s airasia x to suspend iran service : afp - the long-haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it w ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	check URL for all the reaction to saturday’s 2-1 win over bolton wanderers #millwall
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to such gold at hoosier dome in indianapolis , in - nov 1 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	everyday remind yourself you are the best ! happy international women’s day ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the reason why i’m telling you hmv is kasi may special editions yan and shit : >
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone want to join me at jouvert on 30 nov for some brilliant live music from oxford’s best talent , all in aid of ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	fast bowler james pattinson has a buttock injury and won’t play in tomorrow’s third and deciding one day final against sri lanka . #cricket
id1	id2	positive	None	leaders of our vietnam veterans leadership program in the reagan administration will gather in d . c . saturday . looking forward to seeing all
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER as in colton ? lol but okayyy (: lemme know . i may be living in the library tonight studying for this exam :/
id1	id2	neutral	None	have you gotten your tickets to see terry mcmillan at the mgm grand on thursday , 11/1 ? if not , go here to get your ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	got my mystic on just yesterday :) @USER #tan for #free @USER hollywood tans salon in atl tomorrow 3/10 ! call 866-970-8267
id1	id2	neutral	None	nthlondonapplerepair your 3rd gen . ipad with retina display is worth a lot of money , especially at amazon URL
id1	id2	negative	None	oomf is gay . he may not know it yet , but i do lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	candids : heading to the chateau marmont in west hollywood ( october 10th ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	from the arrl - the k7ra solar update : a coronal mass ejection ( cme ) hit the earth on september 30 , triggering a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just found out my bro @USER is going to be on espn2 sat night for the neb game !! sad i can’t see it , so you should watch it :) #bigdebute
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m in the mood to get a gangsta grillz today , you think it will go over well at the work place on monday morning - is this the new normal ?
id1	id2	positive	None	daylight savings time ends this sunday . except arizona , where we gain the hour because we don’t have to change any the clocks . #smallvictory
id1	id2	neutral	None	i race the sun home in the morning and the moon up at night - jennifer lawrence
id1	id2	neutral	None	ben howland lands tony parker . ucla now has the no . 2 , 3 , and 20th best players in the country . ucla reloaded big time .
id1	id2	neutral	None	journalism students , there will be an association of black journalists ( abj ) meeting tomorrow at 6:35 pm in the sjgc lecture hall . be there !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER - st patricks day with u guys on #script3tour don’t mind which is 1st/last as long as hear the amazin ~ i’m yours
id1	id2	positive	None	im going right to hollywood tans on 21st walnut today ... right after school !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER quevega is just too good , thought it may struggle a little with those conditions ! bring on big bucks v quevega ;) haha
id1	id2	positive	None	passionate about cnis ’ work , be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - saint john 116 princess street
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks mike ! although you can’t really beat great big beautiful tomorrow :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	miss last friday’s soundboard , our partnership with @USER and @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	at a friends wedding on saturday so wont get to watch @USER win the wbo title . best of luck fella cant wait to see you back at whu
id1	id2	neutral	None	cme will reopen index futures & options today at 5:00 pm ct and close tomorrow morning at 8:15 am ct for both the trading floor & globex
id1	id2	positive	None	i just hope ian bennett is first out of the selection machine tonight #terrierball #htafc #dontfancyarfieldingoal
id1	id2	neutral	None	coldwater track at mac championship tonight . go cavs ! also a neat way to end freshman bb season with a fri night dh at celina on turf .
id1	id2	positive	None	URL siri vs . google voice search- may the best robot helper win @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER kyocera echo . but i can upgrade in november so i can’t wait :) . how about you ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you don’t think a 27 win byu would get a 7 seed and maybe win a game ? or you don’t think byu will win 27ish by selection sunday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	girl scouts selling cookies outside of the liquor store on a friday night ? #smartkids
id1	id2	positive	None	nitemoves foam party6 going down ! next saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#carpool #lebanon - #lanecommunitycollege eugene planning on going to lcc starting winter term in jan ... URL #rideshare
id1	id2	neutral	None	miss last friday’s soundboard , our radio partnership with @USER and @USER podcast here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	moomba with the boys on a friday night !! first friday since forever ! last moomba before leaving !! leggoo #bwoy
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER manchester tomorrow . i’ve missed you gus ! looking forward to you smashing it like you did at leeds festival :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going to be in marshall tomorrow afternoon/night ? #hmu
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER check out world music poet , aja and his band at the sullivan hall , thurs , nov 8 at 7pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	i haven’t slept this much since holi in 2nd year college with the ’ bhaang ’ episode . cough syrup #win .
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ interview ] kim hyung jun - interview with sina ( new drama is coming soon and new album in february ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	off to the beautiful city of vizag tomorrow . and that will complete my cascades across india .. #officelife
id1	id2	neutral	None	interested in learning more about lta ? join us monday sept 10 at 8pm in morris hall room 130 for ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if i should die tomorrow , i will have no regrets . i did what i wanted to do , you can’t expect much more from life -bruce lee
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to watch the mtn 8 final tomorrow at the magnificent orlando stadium in soweto
id1	id2	negative	None	bristol city haven’t been in this match since eagles scored in the 31st minute . this is my bolton wanderers . #bwfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	shinee’s taemin and jonghyun will be recording for strong heart today oct 25 together with tvxq and super junior . via : smtownengsub
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just drank a 5th of vodka dare me to drive ? - marshall
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my plan for next thursday is be on website in next b/g flick wish me happy b day bri bri
id1	id2	neutral	None	would it be disrespectful if i wore a duke shirt to the tarheels game tomorrow ? lol i’m kinda a duke basketball fan so ... ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	live in the city ? go to wgc ! live in the hutt ? go to horti hall ! glyn barrett from uk speakin at both ! tomorrow , 7pm #hutt4life #cityswag
id1	id2	positive	None	shreya ghoshal live in qatar , on october 27th al ahli stadium at 7.30 pm . don’t miss it !!! for more , join us ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER coming in from lcc in laporte to see you being it . excited about tomorrow’s service !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to orientation naked tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	chicago bulls .. :-) and yes , im watching it .. dreams to come true .. :-) :-) :-) to make it more sweeter , 2nd URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow the judge will decide his own fate when he pass a verdict on @USER case . nabeel is a free man URL
id1	id2	positive	None	a big day of football in marshall on friday . here’s a preview of all 4 games . i’ll be tweeting updates for all games URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out my email campaign ’ free wifi , christmas menu & sunday night with andy lee ’ at URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if petraeus is ruined then so is mcchrystal -he probably handed out the guns in libya - bc he owes obama/biden for his 4th star
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i ordered calendar from book depository and it arrived safely . so , this is my 2nd time and i can say book depo is looking good !
id1	id2	positive	None	taylor kitsch may not be a leading man , or able to open a movie , but he was quite good in the bang bang club- ryan phillippe as well
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER then it goes to show that all you do is run your mouth but you can’t ever come to our faces come to allderdice tomorrow bitch
id1	id2	positive	None	wish me luck on the act tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	don’t forget to rsvp for toronto’s biggest hip hop jam on sept 8th . we’re going live at city nightclub with ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	my dad think im playing =\ ... he takin us to the queen mary on wednesday
id1	id2	positive	None	based on the @USER review of the paperboy , i am a little excited that nicole kidman may be hitting into a sharon stone phase .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER thats next friday . tonight i’m moderating a paley panel with cast of cbs’s new comedy , #partners
id1	id2	negative	None	not going to carnival tomorrow :(
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning to my clique @USER @USER @USER @USER loving the friday addition of flava in da morning
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER and if ur amywhere near kansas state and dont come watch us play in the preseason nit on nov . 12th im gonna fight u for that too
id1	id2	neutral	None	them seniors gone beat the juniors tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	[ tempo ] vanuatu quake | a strong 6.2 -magnitude earthquake rattled the south pacific island of vanuatu sunday , seismo ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	oomf is gonna get punched in the throat tomorrow -.-
id1	id2	positive	None	took a break to reread moebius and stan lee’s silver surfer book . it may be minor moebius but i love it since it introduced me to his work .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER strolls in2 #nipclub & see nekkid kitteh ... what kinda party u running here ... shall i jump on the bar & dance ? oh yeah ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the 13th international hispanic awards in indian wells . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i get to be mr. miyagi in this episode . wax on . wax off . ;) here’s the 3rd episode : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#sfn12’s dialogues lecture with artist chuck close is saturday : my life as a rolling neurological clinic . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER may you please show how to rock from episode 1 and so on ... i cant blieve theres no more how to rock
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may or may not be jumping around the lounge to some random boy band on mtv hits
id1	id2	neutral	None	dang , i want some crawfish right now . #may URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER where are you playing ? i’m just leaving the uk for helsinki . for my opening at kiasma tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	a win for #lfc v bolton will see them beat their away points tally for the whole of last season . and we have to win tomorrow’s game .
id1	id2	positive	None	just got home from garden city and sunnybank . working again tomorrow >.>
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the congrats one ? thanks btw . we race at lvms in sept and nov . not sure if i’ll do the september one though
id1	id2	neutral	None	broncos beat saints during sunday night football : broncos won 34 to 14 over the new orleans saints on sunday night ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we are from sydney :p oh thank you !! since you’re local you should come see us play at the lair dec 1st !! gonna be a huge show :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	just hitting the news stands ! cowan urges conservatives to look to jack kemp before ronald reagan for inspiration . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i put ’ do not take out or upload a 2nd time ( for example youtube , vimeo , tudou , youku , etc )’ its the same thing .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER give it 10 years love , blink’ll be selling out wembley on their 30th anniversary tour and 1d will be presenting blue peter :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	news on japan : japan’s post-disaster growth strategy : the great east japan earthquake on 11 march 2011 was the b ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER hey , i’m just glad to see isu get some pub . 1st a trend on twitter for getting killed by neb ., now for when coaches attack .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hahaha just to mitcham ! thank god ! yeah it’s usually a thursday but i’ve got a week off now for shans bday :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i’m with nat , so i don’t wanna be rude ! tomorrow <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	thurs . headline : gingrich defends romney’s that’s very white of you debate comeback . #romneyzingers
id1	id2	neutral	None	wassup y’all . this is biggie smalls , the notorious b.i.g. and i’m here to tell y’all yr hoveround scooter may be covered by medicaid .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER boneless thursday with karm #yum
id1	id2	neutral	None	please be advised that round 5 of the eastern province special stage rally championship , scheduled for the 8th of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	spring breakers will have a special presentation at the 25th tokyo international film festival on october 21 URL #tiffjp
id1	id2	neutral	None	and in sunday night football , the denver broncos defeated the new orleans saints , 34 to 14 .
id1	id2	negative	None	#ipad 4th generation by apple just after 6 months from ipad3 ? #fail
id1	id2	neutral	None	iherd jboogie coming to nitemoves foam party #yall know it go dine we he around september 22nd saturday fm 1960 nitemoves leggo
id1	id2	positive	None	[ picture , translation ] sina interview with hyung jun ^^video thanks to hyungjunthebes @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	robert griffin throws a td pass on 4th down in the first quarter then the steelers get revenge and block the extra point
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER may the odds be ever in your favor . - the hunger games @USER #yourmovie
id1	id2	positive	None	long overdue celebration of african lit on fri & sat with former un sec gen kofi annan @USER @USER & more @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	4-yard td pass from philip rivers to eddie royal . extra point good . chiefs down 0-7 with 10:04 left in 1st quarter
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER ev , u went from 3rd in the east to not making the playoffs , deron will miss 2-4 days of practice lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	the saga continues october 14th !! sucka free sundays now at the pour house . #fkbs live . we’re goin back to the basics .
id1	id2	negative	None	please , ts . don’t make me dislike hyung jun just like how i dislike some of you -,-
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i’m more upset by the racist , stereotypical shit that every fucking store under the sun sells around st. patrick’s day .
id1	id2	positive	None	oh yeah just cant wait spring breakers apparently got a worldwide release on march 5th 2013 .. i want it just so hype #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	the hunger games @USER #knowthemovie may the odds be ever in your favor !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER but the 12th man is still the ’ lionel messi ’ for the manc scums unfortunately
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday the 13th afgekeken , nu my super psycho sweet 16 kijken met @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER at the bottom left , just west off the picture is the fullerton hotel where snsd stayed in dec 11 .
id1	id2	negative	None	how strange in tia sharp’s case and now april the police have a ’ man helping ’ with inquiries yet they can’t conclude what has\is happened
id1	id2	negative	None	sooo hard night ... i must finish translation of report about great east japan earthquake by tomorrow p . m . 12:00 !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	giving the tickets away to see nero at the hammerstein ballroom next saturday in 20 minutes !!! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	i can’t believe queen latifah came to durham last friday , had a dinner and dancing event at the hilton hotel wtf ? i woulda went !
id1	id2	positive	None	tony parker may have hit the game winning shot but mark sanchez is coming through clutch for eva longoria right now . #swish
id1	id2	negative	None	reworking tomorrow’s schedule around going to the car wash so the fancies at the chateau marmont won’t judge our filthiness #bumblebrag ?
id1	id2	positive	None	alright #ymm ! tonight i champion shoeless joe at #ymmreads ! c’mon out and find out how a shoe gal can defend a book with that title ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 31 , 2012 $2280.00 was paid out for jose g to have the exhaust manifold replaced in his 2005 nissan titan ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rip jordan farmar nba career 2006-2012 . from being the 26th overall pick , 2x nba champ to the nets to it’s final resting place in istanbul .
id1	id2	neutral	None	david owen : un and nato must heed the lessons of kosovo and bosnia : diplomacy & force are effective only in alliance URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thank god bob gainey isnt the gm of monteal anymore . he probably would have tried to pick mario lemieux with the 3rd pick #tsn #nhldraft
id1	id2	positive	None	our contest is being featured on @USER blog , for pi day friday ! check it out here ! URL and enter to win !
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to the fair on sunday ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	what does it take to be an entrepreneur ? find out from friars in fashion tomorrow , thu , 4pm , bowab in smith center URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	might be going to the seaholm powderpuff tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	mohammad hirzallah ( 24 ) from rafah ( gaza strip ) died thursday from injuries sustained in an israeli air strike a day earlier
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i may be late , but drake’s live show has grown from the first time i saw him during the tml run to his club paradise tour .
id1	id2	neutral	None	kim hyung jun - football team the 2nd a match at yeongdeungpo-gu daerimdong [ 12.10.27 ] credit @USER #2 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	lool , samsung will be launching galaxy note ii in canada on 30th , psy gangnam will be performing at the launch .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER that may sound like a plan ! are you staying in terra nova ? maybe come out for one after i’ve had some grub
id1	id2	positive	None	got my chicago bulls tickets . don’t want to chance it . he may or may not come but i’m going . :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good to see you at york today ! i’ll be praying for you on the 19th , & give you a shout out on your other special date !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER u ok with the poster for tomorrow ? tea will be provided for you .. can you get to the cafe for about 6pm to sound check ? rosie x
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for the ucla midnight madness tomorrow night
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER that’s because fratton may as well be the gaza strip
id1	id2	positive	None	come join us at the owain tonight with discounted drinks and dj and don’t forget buy one get one free on all sunday dinners tomorrow !
id1	id2	negative	None	this guy that just sat behind me smells like body odor and curry ... so i didn’t have to turn around to see who it was . obviously joseph kony
id1	id2	neutral	None	lady gaga came to japan again . she is a a real japanophile , so this is the 3rd visit since the great east japan earthquake .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks bobby ! see you guys in december in the smith center
id1	id2	neutral	None	daylight saving time ends sun . 11/4 - be sure the time on your phone system is re-set , contact 800.300.0824 ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	omg i’m going to walgreens today . i may buy my red blanket !!! & i’ll eat papa johns pizza ! :d today’s gonna be an amazing swift day ! < 13
id1	id2	neutral	None	just sat and explained to my dad about who joseph kony is #smartdaughter #sillydad
id1	id2	neutral	None	jeff foxworthy : if there’s a car on cinder blocks in your front yard with a dog on top of it , you may be a redneck . and have #romnesia .
id1	id2	positive	None	let’s make sure our @USER get to sxsw ! vote here by nov 2nd URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	preview : los angeles galaxy vs . vancouver whitecaps : thursday night marks the first ... URL #soccer #local_to #education
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day for supplementary nominations to swedish gn and champion hurdle , mon june 4th at 12 noon ( 11.00 gmt ) e-mail spor @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	one for your diary . we have reindeer’s coming to the garden centre on saturday the 8th of december .
id1	id2	neutral	None	suicideblonde : selena gomez at the tiff press conference for spring breakers , september 7th URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ramcharan escaped from fine october 25 , 2012 the supreme court warned the director gen ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	register today for spur sj’s june 27 forum with the new yorker’s david owen ( URL sign-up here : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks ! drop an email to inf @USER regarding bookings . see you got teengirl fantasy tonight - amazing band !
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s smash project’s 2nd monthsary today ! i think that’s reason enough to vote and request to make endlessly number one today ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	ladies grab a jacket , and head out to redbone’s grill and bar for working womens tuesday !! so what if it’s a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	don’t hit the twitter for bookings and features .. contact ransom201beat @USER gangsta grillz sept 20th winters here !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	#thsk7thanniversary the 1st song bring me to thsk and made me become a cassie is why did i fall in love with you ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	#telecom #news china telecom repairs a broken telephone pole with - m.i.c. gadget : by herman lai , posted jun 18 ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just in the interview with author and speaker joseph p . genera will start to air this monday afternoon . stay tune for times .
id1	id2	negative	None	ok going to laguna ... be back tomorrow .. no wifi ... can’t use my phone to have internet cause more bills are coming .. bye guys
id1	id2	neutral	None	march 8th is international women’s day . april 1st should be international men’s day where they would brag 24/7 like any other day of the year
id1	id2	neutral	None	busy prepping for zane’s pi day tomorrow . pie all day long ! also thinking about sheep , but that’s to do with the lesson for church tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	simon’s one enforced change sees alex smithies replace ian bennett - it is his first start since bournemouth on april 9 #htafc
id1	id2	neutral	None	ken pom ( analyzes ncaa bball stats ) rates #purdue 36th overall and 7th in the big ten : URL rosier forecast than other polls
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked a @USER video URL apple special event march 7 2012 ipad 3 the new ipad full apple
id1	id2	positive	None	waw .. good friday URL is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it
id1	id2	positive	None	tickets are still available for prom of the living dead , friday night , at center stage - the loft - vinyl !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this female said kirko bangz will be her nigga one day ... c’mon son , ( foh ! ) lmao
id1	id2	positive	None	some good stuff going down in gregory gym . 2nd place tasted terrible , ready to have that gold around my neck ! #goforgold
id1	id2	positive	None	who runs the world ... girls ! happy iwd !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i have a date tonight in denver watching my denver broncos cream the new orleans saints ! spent sat . on dashboard .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER byu vs gt will re-air saturday at 9am mt . we did not get vod rights so it won’t be archived on URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hey today is the 17th .. 17 ... taylor kitsch’s hockey jersey number :) !
id1	id2	neutral	None	joseph kony named sun news network man of the year - he treats a child soldier just like an adult - we dig that , said a senior staffer
id1	id2	negative	None	shit is about to get real tomorrow night at umbc !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if #un members cud agree on keeping pll with criminal charges out of ( central ) govt-it may catalyze creation of special courts for vips
id1	id2	neutral	None	flash new @USER to support upa , but oppose anti-people policies : samajwadi party on saturday said it will continu ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	renewed fighting rocks syria : an early morning explosion rocked the flashpoint city of deir ezzor on saturday in ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i want to play apples to apples at a halloween party tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mt @USER remember when miami vs vt on a thursday night was a marquee game ? oh yeah , back when they were in the big east .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mt @USER you should get to use your extra daylight savings time hour whenever you want to ... i wanna use mine on friday at 4pm .
id1	id2	negative	None	these pssa’s are just gonna be the icing to another horrible monday . #fmlll #ihateschool
id1	id2	positive	None	omg ! i just want to run my fingers thru michael easton’s gorgeous hair ! watching friday’s #gh .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol , don’t worry c ; every true iconiac deserves to meet the boyz (: i might need them in august again .
id1	id2	positive	None	listening to terrace talk on radio city on a saturday pure brilliance , merseyside derby history plus the saints a legend #ynwalfc2012
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks brendan for the nascar virtual racing rt . will we see you at the 2013 nascar spring cup in march at lvms ? shake n ’ bake !
id1	id2	positive	None	oh it’s thursday ! new ep of naruto ? >:) probably fillers but let’s go !
id1	id2	positive	None	check out this great article about our upcoming warrior fun run/walk on oct 20 and other kpc activities in the gazette ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER any fancy for tomorrow ? quevega at 6/4 with @USER today - cha ching !
id1	id2	neutral	None	sitting on the floor in the upper room where the 120 sat waiting on outpouring of holy ghost on day of pentecost . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	one fighting championship makes its triumphant return to singapore indoor stadium this saturday with the rise of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bearcats call first timeout of 2nd half . 3rd and 7 coming from pitt 9 . gorillas lead 14-7 with 2:22 left in 3q .
id1	id2	positive	None	the a sun is shining over the eternal city !! it is a perfect day for a lovely stroll through the stunning imperial ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	my bet for tomorrow is going to be eden hazard to score first and chelsea win 2-1 #cfc
id1	id2	neutral	None	michigan basketball team to appear on espn’s ’ college gameday ’ on feb . 2 at indiana : trey burke and the michigan ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	andy murray crashes out andy murray suffered a surprise early exit from the bnp paribas open in indian wells . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if the nhlpa accepts proposal , big if , the canucks would start season at home nov 3rd vs montreal canadiens . bjlr19gm URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER ya which plans lol ? and btww amreen can’t even come friday to the msa event she has a bday :(
id1	id2	positive	None	funding received from coe to organise national seminar on state of youth work in uk 15 & 16 nov at dmu . inbox if u can add value to it
id1	id2	positive	None	fly madness : william hill now 5/4 ( real price is 4/6 ) about hurricane fly wins champion hurdle next tuesday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	national women’s day on 25 aug . but it’s also a date where umno kaum ibu was formed . so is it a date for all women or for umno #wanita ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	predictions are that the new device apple will unveil on wednesday is called the ipad hd , not the ip
id1	id2	neutral	None	it is nit a joke ... be there ... promo video filming tomorrow at disclosed location ... double tap if u want URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER is the real deal . i cannot wait to use it tomorrow night . pl tournament . watch it on cbs college sports at 8:00 pm
id1	id2	positive	None	URL if you like la leyenda and duelo listen and download my recent mix !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i have the big ipad3 i love it but for reading its too big my mini comes on friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	time to get nekkid with filter free friday ( 3/8/2012 ) URL only @USER original global #iphoneography community @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	they might be giants ’ version of there’s a great big beautiful tomorrow ... tmbg + disney ... awww , pandora , you do know me .
id1	id2	positive	None	yes , it is us : ufo sighting in surprise , arizona on october 31st 2012 - it was an orange orb travlin ... URL #aliens
id1	id2	positive	None	lucky trail challenge just opened up . 1/2 marathon saturday , full marathon sunday ( on st. patrick’s day ) . who wants to do it with me again ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what you think of liverpool ? bet rogers sat on santa’s lap at xmas asking for a new job . 3 points on sunday 4 the toon
id1	id2	positive	None	big congrats to @USER 4winning the main event . very classy move stoping his friends from celebrations to shake the hand of sylvia 1st
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER fire andy and bench vick is how we win monday ... put foles in already . he could be the next peyton manning
id1	id2	neutral	None	my party on . the 2nd at club crucial ima b bouncing around singing iam freebarz i am freebarz . like i really am apart of the movement lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	git er done ! before #graphexpo , reserve your room for the npes 2012 annual conf ., coming nov . 10-12 , indian wells , ca : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st the votes rnt rigged & 2nd why would u give up on 1d ? beware beliebers you got another sydney dalton #voteonedirection
id1	id2	positive	None	rmb something again xd called jonghyun when they 1st come out during showkase (?) then i was like jonghyun-ah ~ and he bowed to me !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	field trip to the west end ! rt @USER imelda staunton may star in london revival of gypsy URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER nope not all i can’t afford all .. but i going picnic , jouvert , the free jam thursday and sunday ,
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know i’m late , but i enjoyed meeting you at paleyfest in march ! i am from bethlehem , pa . love you on bones . :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER hoosier dome in indianapolis tomorrow ! let’s make this bananas !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER glad you enjoyed ! #legitftw listen to tonight’s friday night is music night wi michael ball n arts ed . amaaaze !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the new head honcho gives his thoughts in tomorrow’s argus . business as usual is the gist .
id1	id2	neutral	None	big is growing as a new sport clothes brand that will see the light on december 8th during pacquiao vs marquez iv at the mgm grand . #big
id1	id2	neutral	None	taemin and jonghyun will be recording for strong heart today oct 25 along with tvxq and super junior . via : smtownengsub
id1	id2	positive	None	yes , it is us : ufo sighting in tamworth , new hampshire on october 27th 2012 - observed in western mo ... URL #aliens
id1	id2	neutral	None	robert pattinson & anna kendrick at the 19th annual elle women in hollywood celebration ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER retreat is where u want to be saturday night ! hilton hotel on hillsborough rd , not by the airport like ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	argus dental plan becomes 1st dental plan in the us to receive @USER accreditation ! read our press release : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the spurs may be my favorite team out of the western conference
id1	id2	positive	None	s/o to all of you who went and served at super saturday . you rock ! #doingwork
id1	id2	positive	None	lol mr brower sun look like the dude barbosa who play for the celtics
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER not bad . i think cena will wear the green merch for 2 weeks after tomorrow . we will get new swag at survivor series .
id1	id2	positive	None	back in charleston tomorrow !! let us know if you need any sharpenings !! happy thursday ! i hope your halloween was as fun as ours !!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER may not have . but i just know appeared to be better in early 80s before reagan fired air traffic controllers .
id1	id2	positive	None	i wonder what alli simpson would look like without all that make up on . c’mon she’s 14 and wears all that make up . i mean it looks good ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	sooo i might go to laidback luke on friday with nessaaa ^.^ we going hard >:]
id1	id2	positive	None	tudou owners get world’s best deal with youku - businessweek ( blog ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	2day in 1999 mario lemieux’s ownership grp takes over the penguins . 1st player in modern era to buy the team he played 4 . le magnifique !
id1	id2	neutral	None	passionate about cnis ’ work , be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - winnipeg plaza 134 plaza dr.
id1	id2	neutral	None	entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun , 10 mar 2013 ! 12th time , going for that elusive 3h30 with @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	rahul dravid joining commentary team for the 1st time ... its the best moment of this test match :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	cafe asia for the bday tomorrow night
id1	id2	neutral	None	backstage update on undertaker , may miss wrestlemania : the unthinkable in the wwe may be coming to fruition if ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you know what there’s a lion in the road , means ? slackers , lions , & leadership URL ( sun )
id1	id2	positive	None	y’ello , the following people have won invites to the headies ( main event ) tomorrow . venue : eko hotel and suites ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	new link with times : URL @USER shishi-odori ( deer dance ) from tohoku @USER in london on 8&9 sept .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER more good news may o and carter can have a beer summit in the gaza strip
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER congrats on truck win . so happy 4 denny ! hope 4 win on sunday ! u looked super cute in victory lane . best of luck with ur babygirl
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie rose with bill joy ; daniel barenboim ( march 13 , 2000 ): bill joy , chief scientist at sun microsystems , di ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to moomba , i’ve been cruising wi the medicare since april 2011 . today i decided to finally go get it done ! #abouttime
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER they had a bit on e news the 29th with adele’s announcment and my dad called her a slut and not a good role model . he was
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER guess im a bit father back for classics inn of the 6th happiness , pennies from heaven , to sir with love :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	first hasek now modano want to come back ... who’s next mario lemieux for the 4th time !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER eden hazard ... that lad is fit haha you over tuesday ? haha
id1	id2	positive	None	#chrisfanatics unite ! be at the smart araneta coliseum on oct 27 for the #artistaacademy grand finals ! #teamchris @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i love @USER and if they’re at sxsw in march i’m in the crowd screaming and being ignorant .
id1	id2	positive	None	avondale finally gets into the end zone i need tim smith touchdown pass . seaholm still leads 28-9 late in 4th
id1	id2	neutral	None	devonte has to go to super saturday , so it’s like shepherd’s a2 all over again !
id1	id2	neutral	None	la liga : betis march on , malaga held to draw : real betis moved up to fourth in the table after salva sev ... URL #sports
id1	id2	positive	None	it has been confirmed ! one direction will be on ellen at burbank , calif . studio for a huge concert event on the 9th of november !
id1	id2	negative	None	i just ousted turncoat as the mayor of laundry today or naked tomorrow ! on @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	great day interviewing the national health insurance bureau in taipei - off to hualien for the field study tomorrow @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	great write in tonight ending in a random taco bell fix . see everyone sunday - remember daylight savings ends ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	is it ok to be looking forward to the extra hour of sleep this far out :) daylight saving time sunday , november 4
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s better than pi day in the states , which is 14th march , or in the mm/dd format , 3/14 ( 3.14 ) . pie , anyone ? #changingthesubject
id1	id2	neutral	None	supra test drives this sunday . come and test drive the latest supra and moomba boats this sunday the 12th of ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	thinkin of using the ’ boris bikes ’ tomorrow . anyone ever used them ? they any good ?
id1	id2	positive	None	one fc 6 : rise of kings is scheduled to blow the roof off of the singapore indoor stadium on saturday , october 6 .
id1	id2	negative	None	i am telling you come what may , kareena kapoor will not win a national award for heroine .
id1	id2	neutral	None	espn’s chris mortensen confirms that danny amendola ( clavicle ) will be inactive for the rams on sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	gutted i’m missing the cardigan match on saturday ! but more important things to do
id1	id2	negative	None	just remembered i’m taking the pssas tomorrow . #fml
id1	id2	positive	None	i know you’re not meant to have favourite students , but one of my favourite 12th graders just gave me another rose for women’s day >.<
id1	id2	neutral	None	cactus league previews may be done , but i also put together an abbreviated gallery . check it out on @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	take that wrap togo this sunday for the st. patrick’s day parade @USER on howe street - 11am URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im so glad its friday ! off at 2 , hedley concert tonight and hockey at nationwide afterwards ! gonna be dragging my ass tomorrow for sure ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi fiona thanks for following #econokit - you may like to use #bizikent and rt/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will you be in toledo tomorrow for the bearcats game ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to flux pavilion at city nightclub , edinburgh in edinburgh , united kingdom - aug 24 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy may day folks ! be it celebrating the spring day of the yearly cycle , or singing billy bragg and talking about iwd , have a great day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	so ... i’m going to a round table meeting with the hon . peter garrett on friday . any ( serious ) questions you guys want me to put forward ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	#info : spring breakers will premiere on october 21 at the 2012 tiff ( tokyo international film festival )
id1	id2	neutral	None	bing one-ups knowledge graph , hires encyclopaedia britannica to supply results URL it may have retired from the cut- ...
id1	id2	positive	None	tough loss for @USER today . good luck on monday with selection sunday
id1	id2	negative	None	#fakta on the 8th of mar 191 cao cao attempted an assassination of dong zhuo ; an evil tyrant ruling by puppeting the last emperor of han .
id1	id2	positive	None	students : the practice cahsee will happen nov 14 & 15 at bhs for sophomores , you will do a great job ! #drillers
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER shreya ghoshal i read this name for the 1st time on my mp3 player . 4.5 years back , and then evry day . and now maybe evry min .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow is raksha bandhan so i think today i post it for u ... holi is colorful , diwali is lig URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so ready for the act tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	rockin ’ crawfish & monday night football .. shrimp & crab . we forsure just ate like nubian royalty .
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m officially done with all of my exit level taks . lets just hope i don’t have to retake any in march . #2013
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m so sad . no inkigayo tomorrow . that means we don’t get to see iu in her halloween costume on tv . hope she tweets a selca . witch iu ?
id1	id2	positive	None	get ready for jouvert on the road in miami on sat oct 6th central broward regional park hosted by miami broward one host carnival
id1	id2	positive	None	the mac may be better than the big east this football season . #automaticqualifier ???
id1	id2	negative	None	when the sun dies out , we will . no we won’t , we’ll have alli simpson’s forehead .
id1	id2	positive	None	welcome october ... 6’o clock series how to rock a career fair ( iup/hub ); indiana free library great books series with dan shively 7:30 pm ...
id1	id2	negative	None	day 2 stuck in the taipei airport . possibly going to la to wait out the storm . didn’t think i’d make it to cali for the 1st time this way
id1	id2	neutral	None	tgi friday ! bcos tomorrow #springfest starts ! see you 1pm sat @USER patrick’s point , lake wendouree for 1st event of w/e : outrigger canoeing !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yo . this reminds me . are you going to teengirl fantasy and @USER on monday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	cost-efficient ips cells manufacture process developed ; for myocardial cells with a 20th of conventional budget ( nhk ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	my boy dennis kucinich at it again . screw ohio for redistricting the state and voting him out come november . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	screengrab of the @USER @USER announcing march by joseph kony on the white house on nov 17 : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	see everyone around the st. patrick’s day parade on 5th ave , 1000 hours . have a great day !
id1	id2	positive	None	apples will outlive us : URL keeping history alive at #sewanee with sun , water , and new seeds .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER coming down to peter garrett’s meet the people on saturday . happy to meet you and a debate
id1	id2	negative	None	galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable URL #ops
id1	id2	positive	None	dashboard will always be the best .. like them since 6th grade before all the lame followers
id1	id2	positive	None	lionel messi is the 2nd best player of all time . there’s only one better than him ... vlc . :-d
id1	id2	neutral	None	even like nsn and he is we and mayday parade and hey monday and the cab just because it’s memories .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER omg really ? my mom is going to fresno tomorrow and staying over there . i should go :d !
id1	id2	neutral	None	starting 2moro ( fri 20th ) ’ the house at the end of the street ’ starring jennifer lawrence . see the trailer here URL
id1	id2	positive	None	odd sports weekend . no ucla football , no 49ers , no nlcs until sunday . yawn . we saw pitch perfect today . i’m in love with anna kendrick .
id1	id2	negative	None	don’t want to go to hspa class tomorrow so i’m not going .
id1	id2	neutral	None	xinhua forges partnership with china telecom : xinhua news agency on monday forged a partnership with china telec ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	well fuck . my sleep schedule is not ideal for the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching karate kid 3 for the 1st time . so mr. miyagi’s dream is to open a bonzai shop and not , i dunno , a karate dojo ?
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday to the main man , @USER tear up helsinki tonight and we’ll meet for some post-birthday celebration on sunday !
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully going to a kony 2012 seminar on thursday . aka how to roast people who think ic is a legitimate charity .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow thorbjorn will be paired with richard bland and will be teeing off at 11:41 am ( gmt +1 ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	tmr is swift day , and tomorrow’s tomorrow is the x factor uk omg and after that we get to listen to state of grace omg
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : pagara’s back with a vengeance ; knocks out montoya in 6th round , takes wbo title . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday’s top 10 : gerald green rises above the everyone in friday’s top 10 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER were on just before yee at castlepalooza next sat . deezer stage though . buzztown ! there’s a good crew about that day
id1	id2	positive	None	not only is it halfway to st. patty’s day , but its also monday night football on the paddy’o . we hope to see ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	get 25% off in the jurys inn 24 hour sale this wednesday URL
id1	id2	negative	None	stopped to watch a show cause i saw jeff foxworthy and thought it was are you smarter than a 5th grader . it was american bible challenge #fml
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to citizen at hoosier dome in indianapolis , in - nov 1 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER looks like we’ll be getting an extended look at gerald green , saturday . running w/ the starters in practice w/ dg out .
id1	id2	positive	None	if you love life , don’t waste time , for time is what life is made up of . -bruce lee . get the most out of this friday ! #leapinno
id1	id2	negative	None	calle stupid but i really don’t feel like going tomorrow : c
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER 1st time gd oppa praised vips in public , 1st time other countries vip jealous with m’sia vip .. and many many more ...
id1	id2	positive	None	national award won by our amazing events team - our annual conference was rated best association conference in the uk ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	some crazy people from thursday at the toronto burlesque festival #tbf2012 @USER hotel URL
id1	id2	positive	None	taison scores for metalist in kyiv , and it’s the 2nd goal i’ve seen today that arrives for having the defensive line in the opposition half .
id1	id2	positive	None	just read about the iphone5 ... we can upgrade in november and i am definitely trading in my thunderbolt for the new iphone . #lovemymac :)
id1	id2	negative	None	your relationship may not be incest , bobbi kristina , but it sure is creepy as hell ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	shreya ghoshal will be at the flato markham theatre for a one night engagement oct 9 . here is her picture URL
id1	id2	positive	None	who’s going to smash project on march 8 ? :) looking for more concert buddies .
id1	id2	negative	None	problems for newcastle utd with new sponsor as star players may oppose wonga’s loans on religious ethical grounds URL
id1	id2	positive	None	[ trans]tv shooting week started . 1st shoot tonight hey hey hey live broadcasting . thsk will show u a new song ! ( a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	starting work on fashion star tomorrow ! my couch is really going to miss me . i got myself a treat to celebrate : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	miss last friday’s soundboard on @USER we talked mcintire park , stonefield , & more with @USER URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m about to start barging the pier every monday , imma just need to stock up on moebius stickers
id1	id2	neutral	None	4th of july mayhem , the bikini tops edition going down july 4th @USER crucial ! #breadhead bouta turn it upp ! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tell you at our friday lunch <3 sorry for the late reply but yes we can eat somewhere on marshall tomorrow haha :d
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no ! i’m looking so bummy tomorrow ! i have to take the cahsee
id1	id2	positive	None	i may be considering wearing my polka dot #48 shorts with the knaus tee shirt in an attempt to stay cool today . #lowes48
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh . well last time i saw colleges don’t look at pssas . so if we want to compare how are your sat scores and gpa ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody know how to get the tickets to the singapore masters cup @USER singapore indoor stadium next sunday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	hey peeps , i have confirmed with the gladstone hotel ( sunday from 3pm ) that children are allowed in the part of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	today my friend’s birthday nabeel afpendi he is my friend dunia akhirat . may god bless him very well . iloveyou nabeel .
id1	id2	positive	None	cuse game the 21st ... i’m there pops !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow i’m gonna go buy all the seasons of the walking dead !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER sooo 7 on 7 at northglenn tomorrow morning at 10 you down
id1	id2	negative	None	i just don’t know if the celtics have a chance this season ... also concerned that garnett may need a hug .
id1	id2	positive	None	soo happy that i don’t have to go to school till later tomorrow since sophmores are taking the cashee . time for me to over sleep ! ;d
id1	id2	negative	None	if i feel even worse tomorrow for my chem exam , i’m going to be sooo mad
id1	id2	neutral	None	one tip i will give for tomorrow , is a treble . sprinter sacre , hurricane fly and quevega pays nearly 5/1 with ladbrokes #buyingmoney
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s thursday march 8 . that can only mean one thing . happy iwd half the planet :-) read about it here : URL #womensday #iwd
id1	id2	positive	None	i loved obama’s romnesia chunk , but wonder if his writers owe jeff foxworthy for the repitition gag ... you may have romnesia
id1	id2	positive	None	queen mary tomorrow night with the crew . rolling deeep ! ditching class so i can shake my ass(x lol
id1	id2	positive	None	okay i don’t watch how to rock but i may just to look at max shneider’s face oh my god . and his voice is amazing . like . kshgkjhzjhsdkhfg .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER calling kofi annan right now ... hang in there , it’s friday . oopsie , it’s half-term friday ... scratch that .
id1	id2	neutral	None	as of tomorrow #htc & @USER are a month late ( or a year ) in updating my thunderbolt to #ics . and phones with #jellybean are available .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ohh i think on saturday ! it’s alli simpson and madison pettis <-- girl from live with boys omg i wanna go tooo ! : $
id1	id2	neutral	None	#olympics david owen : why british olympic sport may miss a man it should have made ... - URL ( blog ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	( phone arena ) sprint getting samsung galaxy tab 2 10.1 with lte support , on november 11th URL
id1	id2	positive	None	game v bolton on the 31st looking forward to it , not played a competitive match in ages !
id1	id2	positive	None	if the lakers still had jordan farmar , trevor ariza , & shannon brown i’d be watching them .. i dont like the lakers but they were entertaining .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow 9/5 : come get a free mustache tee @USER on the plaza in front of gregory gym from 10am-5pm ! we have a ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER omg same i was reading it in school after pssas and i just sat there crying
id1	id2	neutral	None	oomf just told me league pass is free till the 6th
id1	id2	positive	None	winner - our train station at glossop has just been awarded 1st in best station development category at national award ceremony . #teamwork
id1	id2	neutral	None	general dynamics interview invitational event friday , 10/26/12 at the sheraton hotel bwi airport at genera ... URL #jobs
id1	id2	negative	None	koreatown , calif . -- a man allegedly shot his former boss in the head thursday at a commer URL
id1	id2	negative	None	someone must not be too happy with the hired help in sewickley : sidney crosby’s image removed from #pens mobile app cover on thursday . #nhl
id1	id2	negative	None	i am not in the state of mind to take the act tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	jim rogers : bernanke hasn’t done anything right as fed chief ... : from the blog breakout : on september 12 of thi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	next sunday i’m going to city nightclub just to hear @USER play .
id1	id2	positive	None	swift day is alway’s the best day , i usually gain alot of followers on the 13th
id1	id2	neutral	None	miss last friday’s soundboard , our radio partnership with @USER and @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	samajwadi party may patch up with trinamool congress : sp sources affirm that party chief mulayam singh yadav is likely to patch up wi ...
id1	id2	positive	None	juanjo brau : carles puyol asked me after tests in lisbon confirmed a dislocated elbow you mean i won’t be able to play on sunday ? #respect
id1	id2	neutral	None	but when yall see that nissan titan ... riding thur cary , with them 28’s on it .. yall can see that a nigga grind has begun to pay off !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER that was the revelation i mentioned on sunday evening . i am still in abj . how are u & where have u been again ?
id1	id2	positive	None	definitely wish i could catch this tomorrow night . dare night : lockdown @USER at the gladstone hotel . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha ok btw a friend of mine’s getting a chance to meet rahul dravid on friday . some twitter contest she won .
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow is the ladt day of the sydney dalton diet and let me tell you it has been hell and i bet it doesnt even work
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER interesting that jack kemp and @USER were both announced on the same date -- 11 august .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER as heartbreaking as ole miss was , i can live with it . @USER put it down , and i can’t wait to see him saturday ! #wps
id1	id2	negative	None	waaahhh i want to cry when i see radio city because i wasn’t there on the 11th to see the boys .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ty for the follow , owain ! we may have some sparring to do over footie . my house is loyal to real madrid . ;-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER fyi : if you want some cool baseball facts , see neil degrasse tyson , astrophysicist @USER the tweets were posted july 10th
id1	id2	positive	None	ladies come throw that ass and niggas come throw that cash hypelounge tomorrow my birthday bash btw nitemoves foam party we still having it
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’m too excited .. finally tomorrow is the premiere of big time movie will be a great time at adrenalina . colombia is ready
id1	id2	positive	None	we hope you’re enjoying your sunday morning at lcc . tweet about the service using the hashtag #lcclife .
id1	id2	negative	None	sadly , the vokle live webcasting site isn’t functioning reliably . i’ll video tape wednesday’s runnin ’ nekkid ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kyocera launches speakerless phone , uses vibrations to transmit sound to the ear ( computerworld ): share with fri ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	still tied up at 1 in orono between stony brook and maine , more balanced play from both teams in the 2nd half , 14 min left to play . #gomaine
id1	id2	neutral	None	online assoc with the 24th pick ... jrue holiday , gerald green , jeff green , ibaka , greg oden
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER i think it may have been the words you used about st patrick’s day ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	reminder : daylight saving time ends sunday , november 4 . turn clocks back 1 hour saturday night . see you sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER awesome ! so far , spring breakers , writers & ill manors . come out and play tonight @USER then hopefully one on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	get in dons 1-1 byrooon harrisooon 7th goal of the season
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you’re off campus , we’ve got you , too ! babel will be at the art’s garage with hyphen and invisible children tomorrow at 7 !
id1	id2	positive	None	tues : nas ft . olu dara , bridging the gap . good story telling . URL #music
id1	id2	positive	None	what a great 1st class consultant update today with kirko bangz manager d-will !! it’s about to get all the way ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 120422 b2st 2nd fanmeeting ... also last night prepix just released new song ft with junhyung magic glasses what i see
id1	id2	neutral	None	jim tracy is doing a double switch . with 2 outs in 9th inning . of a cactus league game . with the score tied .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER remember thinking it was indicative in march 2003 : brilliant v juve midweek , struggled v bolton on saturday . great player tho
id1	id2	negative	None	slow economic gains in 3rd quarter : abj - october 26 - some reason for optimism surfaced during the third-quarte ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER why gop & mitt romney need a new jack kemp in the new tac URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	when brentley turns 7.5 years old on saturday , he’ll be at half his life expectancy .
id1	id2	negative	None	breaking news : #arrow will not be seen tonight in illinois or indiana due to the chicago bulls opening game . it will air on saturday . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER our annual clothing drive for the open closet is during the 1st week of march for international women’s day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER andreaaa :) are you going to the fair on saturday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 16 , 8pm est , big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials ( via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	inkigayo with @USER yay this is our saturday night <3 #kpop_stream URL
id1	id2	negative	None	still yet unanswered , are the sats still on for saturday ?
id1	id2	negative	None	really sad that i didn’t go home for the #bofa500 tomorrow . i have faith that @USER will take another trip to victory lane #nascar
id1	id2	neutral	None	bok squad announcement will be tomorrow for the australasian tour , open training session for public at orlando stadium at 15:00 thursday
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you autopost from anything to facebook , you may need to re-set up that auto post . just had to for posterous .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER damn michael dyer got kick out of school again ! i’m praying for you bra ! keep god 1st ! through this tough time !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just remember there is nhk reporters coming at university tomorrow \o/
id1	id2	neutral	None	halloween + karaoke x beer - boss + new girl from hr x more beer + costumes + microphone = wednesday at the capitol .
id1	id2	positive	None	best documentary feature goes to saving face , hahahaa only one opsi from this nomination , this’s it ! #oscars
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ update ] oct 30th : world date with shinee key and jonghyun mentioned in one of cast member’s tweet ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	gingrich says he may have secret papers re ; bengazi on hannity
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER would you mind sharing with readers , last year in the life of marilyn monroe , vol1 is free today and fri URL
id1	id2	positive	None	1d is on ellen next friday , you better pvr it for me pls and ty @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	best shit i heard all day espn sc nfl - locked-out officials may return to field soon after positive negotiations , chris mortensen
id1	id2	positive	None	lots of excitement for dana and nabeel who will be married this saturday at the beautiful chesapeake bay beach club URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	half day next friday before laidback luke _||_ #ll #sweet
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you don’t want to slip up tomorrow , speak the truth today . -bruce lee
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch the live webcast of kofi annan’s interview @USER this thursday at 3:30 . tell us what you think !
id1	id2	positive	None	looks like im going to the uga vs . ole miss game on saturday , #hottytoddy
id1	id2	positive	None	me and @USER sat in the kitchen eating loads of food last night with owain like throwing up lmao #sozmate
id1	id2	positive	None	- pop bottles , make love , thug passion , red bottoms , mon claire , high fashion .
id1	id2	negative	None	bolton wanderers , who are 18th in the championship after winning only three of their 10 matches , have sacked their manager owen coyle .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume , april 23
id1	id2	positive	None	no school tomorrow . only for my grade ( juniors ) & the seniors .. thank . the . lord .
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday’s episode of married to jonas is about radio city and the new music , and then monday , the boys have a big announcement . coincidence ?
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday morning to my buddy @USER over in korea . since you’re ahead of us , can you tell me if the tops won last night ?
id1	id2	negative	None	whyd the dumb bish get em in the 1st place ? @USER eva longoria removing 3 tattoos related to tony parker - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hungry russians may buy more us food with wto forcing tariff rollback . details at : URL no longer poking fingers at us .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fed keeps rates low , says growth is moderate the federal reserve stuck to its assessment wednesday that the econ ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i miss nabeel and his voice and his accent and i cant wait till he calls tomorrow and and and im blabbering
id1	id2	neutral	None	samsung sch-s759 with windows phone gets wi-fi , bluetooth certified , may be headed to china telecom URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so the promotion for smash project steps up tomorrow . stoked for the things to come ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m a senior and i’m taking my ogt’s for the first time tomorrow ... that’s what i get for moving to #cali #ohwell
id1	id2	positive	None	most anticipated mixtape of the year @USER the juug man !! club crucial aug 2nd ( thur ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m at hyena’s comedy club in dallas all weekend with the hilarious jason russell . thursday shows are always free , so you have no excuses .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nitemoves is the place too b september 22nd foam party !
id1	id2	positive	None	wow this benji story is amazing ! then drose won the state champs with his number 4 the 1st time since benji won it ... wow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey , just thought i’d remind you it’s deezer’s birthday tomorrow ! also , you have any idea what he looks like ?
id1	id2	positive	None	jersey & sammy think nekkid is where it’s at ;) happy monday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to helsinki tomorrow or on the day after tomorrow , yay !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it is the apple tv’s form factor ... 1st gen , but still apple tv ! :d how about ios with camera tracking on a 60 tv ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	save the date ! what women want saturday , may 12th / 7-10pm at nikki beach miami with a fantasy french cabaret ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	told my little cousin who loves #thewalkingdead tv show id send her the comics for xmas . shes in 7th grade . figured vol1 isnt too intense .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the federal reserve& #039 ;s latest easing program may be nicknamed & quot ; qe infinity &quot; on wall street , but it ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fashion pics from the yellow carpet of the headies 2012 awards held on saturday at eko hotel , victori ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#ihope that @USER will be able to come to cuba with me for march break
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER didn’t ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago ? why the 4th ??? cuz they can not compete with samsung , asus , nexes .,
id1	id2	positive	None	just found out i’m graduating may 30th at the comcast center
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER john carter xd y mira que me cae bien taylor kitsch desde ke vi friday night lights , al final he visto series , strike back y fringe .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dodridge induces a 6-3 ground out for the first out of the 8th .. chippewas 5 outs away from mac championship game
id1	id2	positive	None	watching honey boo boo and mama june on e news is making my recovery process just a little more enjoyable .
id1	id2	positive	None	as per the information coming from reliable sources vinayak - ramcharan’s nayak ( naayak ) audio release date not confirmed on nov 25th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the view from the 24th floor @USER grand at foxwoods URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	will texans see the old mario williams on sunday ?... URL #nfl #buffalo #bills
id1	id2	neutral	None	several @USER games with indy implications sat . msu vs mich and neb vs nw results may determine a driver in the crowded legends race .
id1	id2	neutral	None	catch me & dj hollygrove mixing it up this friday @USER paradise ! bands a make her dance ... URL ( via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday preview : are yummy mummies bad role models ? cherie blair thinks they are - do you agree ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	global pi day , march 14 ( representing 3.14 ) july 22 pi approximation day ( 22/7 )
id1	id2	neutral	None	#uva wide receiver tim smith says he’ll be able to play in saturday’s game against nc state .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i’m taking friday off just to go to doral and try and meet you . fingers crossed
id1	id2	negative	None	enough with the reality tv . one broadcaster had an original idea and dumped it . terra nova deserves a 2nd chance . up for it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	under 24hrs till the @USER album is out ! get urs on cd or mp3 download at URL shipping aug 01 #miaklose #rock #london
id1	id2	positive	None	i can’t wait for @USER i am going to the bank tuesday to start a fashion star savings account so i can be ready !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah . i’ll just read ssomethhin else . ps the book depository will notify me when they have quicksilver * wants * nov . 1st t_t
id1	id2	positive	None	did lvms get showgirls from primm or mesquite . c’mon bruton you can do better #nascar
id1	id2	positive	None	you didnt win abdc but you won over my heart you may not know me but imma true iconiac by heart ---
id1	id2	positive	None	this will be my 4th year in a row geared up as cena passing out candy to the trick-or-treaters , the kids love it & so do the moms ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	mikel’s dance academy is the best ! i’m here every wednesday from 4-5 for my ... @USER centennial hills : URL #foursquare
id1	id2	neutral	None	national women’s day 9th of august , hifly will be closed for the day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wanna have your say on the atlantic strategy ? come to bilbao on the 12th URL #atlanticforum
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’m going to queen mary today but tomorrow i can !! :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	the weather in farmington hills tomorrow is 75/54 and sunny . in minneapolis it is 43/30 and a chance of snow . alrighty then .
id1	id2	neutral	None	nov 1 1959- montreal canadiens goaltender jacques plante wears a protective mask for the first time in an nhl game URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	##$$## black friday deals samsung un46es7500 46 inch 240hz 1080p 3d wifi led hdtv bundled with samsung’s bd-e6500 3d ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if potus barack hussein obama during tomorrow nights debate would call willard mitt romney a liar the 1st time mitt lies , election is his .
id1	id2	neutral	None	1 ) they spontaneously sang there’s a great big beautiful tomorrow out loud in the grocery store today .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the wind seemed to be remembering the great storm a bit overnight . we look back 25 years ourselves in tomorrow’s heralds and the gazette .
id1	id2	positive	None	about to go get this lift , run and throw in . jr. pro day on monday then it’s back to sa to get ready for the season !!! #hognation
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER well i want the draft to be on saturday do u have a yahoo account
id1	id2	neutral	None	the key question ! will the rebel still be 40’s this time tomorrow for the champion hurdle #rebelfitz #hondarebel #springer #championhurdler
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER douglas wack ! they got shumpert 72 . he be dunking on niggas . i dunked in lebron with lin last night hahahahhaa on brentley
id1	id2	neutral	None	maude barlow : why i am going to be in victoria on october 22nd URL #nopipelines #notankers #tarsands
id1	id2	positive	None	1st major league hr for jose iglesias extends the sox lead to 4-1 in the top of the 9th .
id1	id2	positive	None	just sat in on an hour-long seminar by neil degrasse tyson . thanks , college !
id1	id2	negative	None	1st tour i was on , my brother was working carrying the bags . he’d stand on the side of the stage & shout out i hate you ! lol . miss u miyagi !
id1	id2	neutral	None	nasa captures giant ufo mothership near the sun . is nasa hiding something ? URL #ufo #nasa #mothership
id1	id2	neutral	None	tickets still available here : URL for friday night’s party with teengirl fantasy , patten and syracuse .
id1	id2	neutral	None	chelsea make ivory coast star january priority | givemefootball URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	deadly israeli strike , fire from gaza mar truce : a deadly israeli airstrike into the gaza strip and rocket and m ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sign up for 2013 #beachreach before december 1st . help us make an eternal difference in the lives of thousands of spring breakers !!
id1	id2	negative	None	thunderbolt : a strong electric blast is loosed at the foe . it may also leave the foe paralyzed .
id1	id2	positive	None	manning says his thumb is fine . mostly the fingernail . sore tomorrow but will be ok . says bye week came at good time URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember the 31st of july when i had 2 weeks in maga and leeds festival to come and had not long before seen the stone roses #theglorydays
id1	id2	neutral	None	espn documentary the announcement to air this sunday night at 9pm . do you remember where you were g1a
id1	id2	positive	None	ready for the looe mini street party up on sunnybank . monday 3pm . cake , quiche & other retro tiffin eats ! all welcome . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	james , whatever else he may have appeared to you , harry , always hated the dark arts . - remus lupin .
id1	id2	positive	None	huge fight in the chargers game ! good game for two medicore teams . next thursday we get colts . vs jags ... ugh
id1	id2	neutral	None	i got the job at claytons ! ( : i start monday doing sheetrock (: #moneymakin
id1	id2	negative	None	turns out the issue we’ve been having w/ production is because some of our computers may not update time from internet .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going out tomorrow for the first time in 11 days to my dads for dinner first watching dons v preston on sky sports 2 tho #steppingstones
id1	id2	positive	None	let’s hope tomorrow is a better day for all bahrainis , except regime loyalists . good night nabeel , stay strong for us . don’t leave us .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck on thursday . i know a lot of cuse fans who are gonna be following you & the cavs very closely & supporting you guys .
id1	id2	neutral	None	strong 2nd set by dons evens it at 1-1 vs byu . let’s finish this one out here at the hilltop ! #godons #aimhigher .
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you miss the college workshop for juniors tonight ? pick up the packet outside room 101 tomorrow for all the info !
id1	id2	neutral	None	seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume , april 23 : liquidmetal technologies , inc . ( otc : lqmt ) traded as ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER it’s not friday ! and all of marshall’s talking when u can’t beat out freshman team ! they couldn’t even score
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER i’d love to see y’all . will you all be in town for sxsw in march ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	of course difference is @USER came clean . shoeless joe fans contended he was innocent and he may have been @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey mike d you going on the 6th ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	blast of the war @USER live , life centre , from 4pm 2day ( 7/7/12 ) ft may , ftg , rockers , brain dead & logam . dont miss it : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	finally got the start to @USER video for chasing the sun yes i always get the end i love you mtv hits
id1	id2	neutral	None	meet recruiters from deloitte and touche llp , fedbid , irc , and more at the job search crash course next tuesday : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i’ll be writing in dennis kucinich for president this november he is the best member ( former ) of congress and the best politician in dc
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ah it’s good ! filming series two at the mo in boyle ! doing a st. patrick’s day parade on tues , the town is completely ready !
id1	id2	neutral	None	chunji is the 2nd oldest in teen top ! #1005chunjiday
id1	id2	positive	None	i can’t wait till december and see the swifties , smilers and lovatics referencing those december songs ;d lol
id1	id2	negative	None	michael dyer fucked his career up so bad . could’ve easily been a 1st round pick . now he’s at arkansas baptist college & isn’t even playing .
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day for supplementary nominations to swedish gn and champion hurdle , monday june 4th at 12 noon ( 11.00 gmt ) e-mail spor @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	probably going to walk around naked tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	mario williams : i didn’t want to enter free agency in the 1st place , but it was a one-way door given to me by the gm to leave houston
id1	id2	neutral	None	taco bell then bed . debating on going to school tomorrow or not .
id1	id2	negative	None	was going back up to dayton in january but ion really think i can handle being up there to live that place ain’t no good for me
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey members : protect working families is sponsoring an event this saturday , october 27 , at the farmington hills ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	q&a : mike d , punk star of the wine world : we talked to mike d after his set on sunday in brooklyn , where this ye ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	winner #3 #swagcorner at the showdown 2012 final showdown | 4 july 2012 @USER live URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER espn’s chris mortensen reported that the #browns fear slb scott fujita’s career may be over due to a neck injury noo ! :(((
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i condemned both the measures but relating it to religion is cheap . if done in jan then holi , if done now , then diwali
id1	id2	neutral	None	blum & poe just sent out email announcement of chuck close’s show opening on the 29th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	nhl lockout : sidney crosby in town as talks set to begin thursday afternoon : players are gathering at the nhlpa ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	chief minister , omar abdullah monday said that he would discuss the issue of providing security to panchayat ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so kc ( chesney ) rocked it on saturday and his twin ck ( knaus ) won big on sunday . they should go celebrate on an island somewhere .
id1	id2	neutral	None	latest : is bigger better ? a look at samsung’s galaxy note ii : by steve kovach | from business insider| october 28 , 2012| ... if you r ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember that all policy ideas need to be submitted by tomorrow for the policy meeting on saturday at the morris hall , shrews , @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	pope from 30 . he is good ! nissan titan ! this guy may have the leg for 50 . #argoslive
id1	id2	neutral	None	droid bonic ics device ? you may want to research if you are having issues URL
id1	id2	positive	None	won a ticket to see m83 tonight at the hammerstein ballroom ! leaving class and running to 8th ave ... see you soon @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched undertaker vs triple h from mania 28 . even better the 2nd time around !
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody know the theme for the reagan game tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	and1 going be at allderdice tomorrow . wonder if my brother wants to go
id1	id2	positive	None	attended the grand opening for larkburger in northglenn . yummy fries ! stop in starting tomorrow and support ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	oklahoma’s new open carry law goes into effect today . check james keeton’s article about the law in our latest issue . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#vote4urdayumself comedy show w/ @USER tomorrow @USER houston improv , 7:30 pm . free show ! get ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	uncover the eternal city ! return flights to rome travel on the 21st january , for 3 nights augustea , 3 star hotel ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	albion write off nottingham loss : plymouth albion winger jack arnott says the club will ’ write off ’ saturday’s 3 ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	casinos in atlantic city closed since sunday because of sandy . what did the pathological gamblers do ?
id1	id2	positive	None	smash project on march 8 omg just 4 days after my birthday aaah !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER come see us play with heroes for hire at the lair on dec 1st ! so many amazing bands are playing , you can’t miss it !! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	invisible children’s new film move : what if we all spoke the same language . tomorrow night at the village chapel . doors @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	promo pics from la o na makuahine - s301 #h50 airs monday sept 24th - see the full gallery on posterous ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	manning will probably win the mvp . his 5th right ? unreal .
id1	id2	neutral	None	abbey dawn new york fashion week show 2012 - 10 september 2012 ~ with @USER :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER nope not quite yet ... do u read chinese ??? if so check on weibo or tudou they may have it w/ chinese subs already ..
id1	id2	positive	None	may the odds be ever in your favor . - the hunger games
id1	id2	neutral	None	#redsox over the mon daily red sox links : jose iglesias , ryan lavarnway , will middlebrooks : right now , the red s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	be on the lookout for lmd’s table and banner at the comcast center this friday for the terps exhibition game ! #lmd URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good point . i also think that t . martin leaving to usc set us back a few yrs . pitino’s 5th year at ul , he went to nit .
id1	id2	positive	None	i just finished my super psycho sweet 16 part 3 . i’ve loved the whole series for made for tv movies they’re actually good .
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out party on the plaza outside of gregory gym tomorrow from 10am-5pm and meet representatives from over 200 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sylvia on saturday if i go can you give me a rideee ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday is daylight savings time - don’t forget to set your clocks back 1 hour before bed or you will be extra early for church on sunday !
id1	id2	positive	None	lionel messi received his 2nd golden boot for being the top scorer in europen league . he scored 50 goals in ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	have you gotten yr tickets to see @USER @USER grand on thurs , 11/1 ? if not , go here to get ... URL @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	kellen cox 3rd down pass is picked off . 1st down bearcats at the lion 49 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	it was fought in the 208/9 ad between the allied forces of the warlords liu bei and sun quan and the superior forces of the warlord cao cao .
id1	id2	negative	None	finish taking the cashee math prep ... (-.-) ... stupid 7th grade math i don’t even remember was on it ... #prep
id1	id2	positive	None	lucky trail challenge just opened up . 1/2 marathon saturday , full marathon sunday ( on st. patrick’s day ) . who wants to do it with me again ?
id1	id2	positive	None	so far , i’m only going to attend smash project because miss may i , of mice & men and chunk no captain chunk .
id1	id2	positive	None	who’s coming to the beatport festival july 20th to dance there asses off ! [ shannon leto on twitter ]
id1	id2	neutral	None	la liga : betis march on , malaga held to draw : real betis moved up to fourth in the table af ... URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#celebrate your new arrival with a naming ceremony . meet @USER at mum n baby fair colne valley garden centre huddersf’d sun 28 10.30
id1	id2	positive	None	everyone pls come check out necie’s carnival tomorrow !!! we sell all the food you buy at a carnival funnel cakes , hot dogs , nachos & more !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching the announcement for about the 15th time
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s a great big beautiful tomorrow ... do you ’ like ’ this outfit ? ~ amy URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	china - tracy mcgrady may sign at qingdao eagles : qingdao double star eagles is about to tab 33-year old usa ex- ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nyse and cme will remained closed on the 30th for all us stock and equity futures
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the walking dead is just a great tv show its bad ass just started to watch the 2nd season to catch up with the 3rd
id1	id2	positive	None	i remember seeing @USER for the first time at his 10th album release party at hammerstein ballroom in nyc .. i was in heaven #classic
id1	id2	negative	None	fcbarcelona captain , carles puyol will be out for two months after dislocating his elbow in the match against slbenfica on tuesday . #fcblive
id1	id2	neutral	None	twitter-owned blog service posterous loses multiple databases , down 6 hours+ : as you may notice from the n ... URL #tnxw
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the hunger games . i’d totally have sex with jennifer lawrence . josh may join .
id1	id2	positive	None	i was just informed that dst is on sunday ? spring ahead , fall back ! * hops on organ *
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER prob the same guy that played 10 straight dropkick songs at berks last saturday .. felt like a rockin st patricks day
id1	id2	negative	None	carles puyol will miss the el clasico against real madrid on sunday after dislocating his left elbow yesterday . #laliga #ligabbva #fcb #rmfc
id1	id2	positive	None	knaus , johnson win appeal ; no suspension coming , points restored : sports 3 hours , 1 minute ago from the moment n ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER he looks a lot like hyung jun in this pic . lol . ^^
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st preview of the new hu w/ @USER @USER @USER & @USER URL tonight : 12:30 am pt on reelz !
id1	id2	positive	None	daytona with my boyfriend and friends during march break , i’m excited !
id1	id2	positive	None	oh what’s that ? the mac is better than the acc and big east in football ? ... that’s what’s up URL
id1	id2	positive	None	( unwired view ) samsung sch-s759 with windows phone gets wi-fi , bluetooth certified , may be headed to china telecom URL
id1	id2	positive	None	angels ~ we have got a chunji fan here ^^ . one with a very cute imagination , if i may add ^^ . follow => @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	keen to catch up with the boks ? they’ll train at orlando stadium from 15.00 on thursday and the session is open to the public
id1	id2	positive	None	practicing for my show tomorrow night . you should come , it’s free ! @USER lair URL
id1	id2	positive	None	questions about becoming apart of lsca ? come stop by our table outside gregory gym from 5-6pm this thursday ! #hookem #l4z #lsca
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER very ! now i have the rest of today and tomorrow off . i’m about to visit the book depository for lila .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have a date with brentley <3 he’s never late , every monday ! 2:30 on the dot (: ? #truelove
id1	id2	neutral	None	via dpn : #syria , deir ezzor : female martyr of the cemetery massacre . friday , 19 october . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER japan fukaoka tix will be released on 24 nov . im doubtful that we can get the tix coz the vips will have priority .
id1	id2	negative	None	tia sharp : cause of death may never be known- well they would have known it , had they found the body when they first searched her house .
id1	id2	negative	None	bayern munich coach jupp heynckes insists his side won’t be fazed by the shock loss to leverkusen on sunday - URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i may not like sydney dalton all that much but she fucking met harry and niall m e t t h e m
id1	id2	neutral	None	#redsox over the mon jose iglesias , major-league ready shortstop ? : jose iglesias is 22 years old , and has hit . 2 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we also have more college football all day saturday and nfl all day sunday . dawgs vs ole miss at 3:30 sat .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dungeness crab sport season opening this saturday : moss landing , calif . - fisherman along the central coast are ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#internationaldirectionerday it’s obv . directioners day is on 23rd of july .. directionators are just jerks !
id1	id2	neutral	None	argus : are you undecided about who you will vote for in the 17th congressional district ... : are you undecided ab ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER for record i had ipad1 & just switched to ipad3 and i’ve got a screaming macpro tower . :-) my 1st apple was a iic
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is starting thursday for the michigan wolverines in place of trey burke . #regionpride #iguardedyouinpractice
id1	id2	neutral	None	attending a very informative talk covering the japan earthquake of 11 march 2011 and the lessons learned from that .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER november 9th , marked it down . golden st. comes to l.a. , we’ll see then . ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	activists in deir ezzor captured this image of musab bin umair mosque after regime forces set it on fire wednesday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	japan’s post-disaster growth strategy : the great east japan earthquake on 11 march 2011 was the biggest earthqua ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	curious about airtime , the new video chat service from napster’s sean parker ? check out tomorrow’s topical storm for more info !
id1	id2	positive	None	london yesterday was amazing , sun beer , hyde park , mexicans . brazilians , boris bikes just incredible day
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER < u > + not going there > w bush years , dennis kucinich speaks @USER on aug . 26 , ’ 08 wake up america URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER #hard #dayofthedead weekend just got a bit weirder . chateau marmont on sunday ? what ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER jason russell kony 2012 so honest about his break down #nextchapter next sunday
id1	id2	negative	None	all the kids who talk shit about northglenn caue they graduated are the same ones going to the game tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER what did petraeus tell the intel comm . sept 13 and why did @USER blame the video ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	so kenpom has nc state ranked 24th . if the pack finish the season ranked #24 , does gottfried keep his job ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i am not pretty , i am not beautiful , i am as radiant as the sun . -the most purf person ever : miss jennifer lawrence ~ m
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER aren’t you a cleveland cavs fan ? the chicago bulls play them tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	each of us has our precious things , and as we care for them we locate the essence of our humanity . bill joy , co-founder sun microsystems
id1	id2	positive	None	attention romo haters . guess who is the 4th highest career qb rating all time ? that’s right .. higher than manning , brees , warner , montana etc
id1	id2	neutral	None	jared gaither , shareece wright full for the 2nd straight day . eddie royal ( hamstring ) and jonas mouton limited . #practiceupdate #chargers
id1	id2	positive	None	i wanna go to the queen mary tomorrow -_-
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER colton is busy right now and may not see it . did you send it to his mother and/or traci scarce ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	china telecom 1st half net profit falls 8.3% but beats expectations : china telecom also said that it would acqui ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh it’s a monday night , guess i’ll go listen to a u.s. senator #senat @USER university - davenport college URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ye i was standing on the same concrete as lionel messi and cesc fabregas on saturday ye ye ye
id1	id2	positive	None	we are so excited to celebrate international women’s friendship month with you ! be there tomorrow in eleanor searle at 5:30 pm :)
id1	id2	positive	None	hope to see you tomorrow night ! come to farmington hills , mi to learn about our agency ownership venture URL #entrepreneurs
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what’s going on in dayton tomorrow ?
id1	id2	negative	None	lazy saturday post cricket season . keeping an eye on eastern province v kwazulu- natal inland on cricinfo but can’t say it’s doing it for me
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’m hanging out with conrad this weekend and am going to the colts game sunday . let’s do btown for an iu basketball game !
id1	id2	negative	None	still struggling with what’s that noise ? if gazza doesn’t get a winner this time , there will be a new clue with pete after 8am tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cannot wait to catch you guys @USER horizon in ’ cuse on sunday , back to where i saw you guys for the 1st time ever !
id1	id2	neutral	None	duke energy ceo to speak in raleigh thursday : jim rogers , the newly installed chief executive of duke energy pro ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wednesday is working women’s day at dog tyred and to-day we have something just for the ladies ... a racegoer ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol ! schedule for today the 3rd of august : visit kim hyung jun’s birthday party ( g.o ) . don’t think so ! xddd
id1	id2	positive	None	thank god ! there’s a field trip tomorrow . going to the smith center >>>
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aww !! thank u too !! < 13 have a nice swift day you too !! :) and good luck for tomorrow !! i hope you have a wonderfull day ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi cena why would you do this sunday , do you want to the rock face again , undertaker will face in wm30 ?? good luck <3
id1	id2	negative	None	hidind the scars from all the kids at the ogt’s tomorrow will be hard .. * sigh * :’(
id1	id2	positive	None	delicious comfort food on a cold saturday : braised ribs with apples , onions , potatoes and sauerkraut @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER was supposed to announce .. rahul dravid it is .. the great wall in our studio tomorrow .. add to that sourav and nasser ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the student debate at dmu is now confirmed for 5pm on november 5th ! exact details to follow
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER so the thing next thursday isn’t free , you’d have to pay $15 to get in since you don’t go to umbc :/ and it ends at 11:30
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER oo nga eh :( may picture sana ako with prepix !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	da bulls will be good until drose gets back ... i figure they will b a solid 4th seed when he returns
id1	id2	negative	None	just found out the craziest things about drose’s knee injury . he injured his left acl , as did i , april 28th he injured it , 29th i got surgery
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i may be a career college student trying to get my bachelor’s degree too ! unless you’d like to write me a check for 50k
id1	id2	neutral	None	alpfa meeting tuesday with deloitte !!! place : cocanougher center time : 6:45 free chipotle ! busn . casual ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress : pop star avril lavi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	well the verdict comes tomorrow whether or not knaus will be jimmie’s crew chief or not for the next six races . #fingerscrossed ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER umm i’m in the debate right now . i’m looking at the tribe party at the hardrock on thursday , rave , jouvert , scorch cooler fete
id1	id2	neutral	None	hollywood actress sharon stone , 55 , chaired an aids research fund raiser despite being hospitalised with a migraine on friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	notice : maintenance this saturday ( oct 6 ) with planned service interruption . -tumblr ( dashboard )
id1	id2	neutral	None	ronald reagan sr. in doral . last town hall before nov 6 , 6:30 pm tonight ! come out , get informed on #vote222
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER let’s get tix for the cards vs bearcats game the 26th
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER why are you and michael easton so perfect ? i mean what’s that about ?
id1	id2	negative	None	my new theory ... petraeus told romney no to benghazi at the debate cuz he was planning to blow it up later ... can u say #october suprise ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER when i saw the tsunami on march 11 on nhk , it put tears in my eyes !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	turns out yoko kanno is the perfect soundtrack to a rainy saturday morning .
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s our 3rd birthday ! on 14.10.09 we launched with support from cherie blair . here’s what we’ve done since : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great meeting this morning with some dynamic ladies planning international women’s day in derby 9 march put it in your diaries
id1	id2	positive	None	dhoni’s 1st ball leave must make even rahul dravid proud . #indvsaus
id1	id2	neutral	None	jeremy ausmus eliminated in 5th place ($ 2,155,313 ) after he gets it in on the turn w/ a straight draw to sylvia’s top pair and sylvia holds
id1	id2	negative	None	the heat played with the celtics and lebron didn’t play none the 4th id rather lose to the celtics than mavs w/o dirk and trailblazzers
id1	id2	positive	None	#favoritebaseballmovie field of dreams . gets me every time . i mean c’mon playing catch with shoeless joe would be legendary
id1	id2	neutral	None	psyched about the grand strand cypher . september 13 . your boys gonna be on worldstarhiphop !
id1	id2	negative	None	olympics : david owen : why british olympic sport may miss a man it should have made ... - URL ( bl ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER 1st question : after running with a groin injury at the combine , what was guys official 40 time at his pro day ? 4.53 ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow ill be with tracy dimarco at hollywood tans shooting a video and interview wiyh @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	#moatup 2 : janglybeastfest is happening on january 25th 2013 . hope gazza turns up with cigars , a showaddywaddy album and an alcove curtain .
id1	id2	neutral	None	4th generation ipad with retina display price steps out silently URL @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	they were also hanging out at the chateau marmont on saturday night . adeus mundo ! #partiu
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER nov 7 conservatives will be grumbling , i * knew * we shoulda gone with gingrich their support for mr always half-hearted #p2
id1	id2	negative	None	airasia aborts deal to buy indonesia’s batavia air - southeast asia’s top budget carrier airasia said monday it has ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rams call timeout with 1:04 left in the 1st . marshall pushes lead to 41-26
id1	id2	positive	None	just back from pre-season . legs are knackered . now going to watch the 2nd leg of the europa league liverpool v fc gomel ...!!! x
id1	id2	neutral	None	a note to any activists and journalists who may have the infamous dr mohamad from baba amr on their skype , his ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ah ha moments don’t make house calls . get yours URL at the #npes annual conference , nov . 10-12 , indian wells , ca
id1	id2	neutral	None	5 recently added entries in the encyclopedia of life : the encyclopaedia britannica may have ceased printing earl ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i also remember this one time in 6th , when i bent down to pick my pencil up and farted , in the middle of taks . dx
id1	id2	negative	None	this may be a bit technical but hedley if you tell me to shut my mouth , exactly how’re you gunna kiss me inside out ? i’m confused so gnight
id1	id2	positive	None	if you missed it yesterday , we’ll be releasing a new version of saving face next friday ! spread the word ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER funny u said that . neil degrasse tyson’s bday was the 5th , just sent belated joking that time didn’t exist anyway .
id1	id2	positive	None	if i should die tomorrow , i will have no regrets . i did what i want to do , you can’t expect much more from life . -bruce lee
id1	id2	positive	None	zac brown may be one of the only few country singers that can make me cry #voiceofanangel
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will there still be sats at the school this saturday ??
id1	id2	positive	None	gonna be interesting , may go to memphis next sunday for the heat game , then charleston thursday for college basketball . #soitbegins
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER come by fat tuesday’s june 12th so we can do some more promo for the mixtape gangsta grillz king of philly edition
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER so taker/hbk had the 2nd to least amount of blood ? that shocks me cause hbk was in pool of his own blood at the end .
id1	id2	neutral	None	what are you doing tomorrow night ?? come along to this and hear from one of kony’s wives , abducted as a young ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	kirko bangz comes to @USER thursday night !! get your tix for the show > URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	okay so tomorrow me , @USER and @USER have a date with the fair
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER have a blast friday night-i’d love to see you in victory lane ! i can’t make it , but i will meet you soon ! good luck man !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	maybe i may design of the akita person’s site in late fall . even if a planned stage , i’m glad related to tohoku in japan a little . #ichigono
id1	id2	negative	None	deir ezzor :: colonel mohammed al-abdullah , from the 4th division , and the lt . recruit feras mohammed al-abdullah have defected #syria ne ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER apples innovation died or stopped with iphone 3 . 120 billion in cash c’mon man redistribute the wealth .
id1	id2	neutral	None	its thursday ! and that means we’re starting mysts of albion . campaign packs at the ready guys and if you ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	baby feed wheel also available in blue , meet me tomorrow at the baby event @USER valley garden centre for more ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	won : nov 1 observer radio : bryan alvarez and dave meltzer talk cena’s return to the ring , smackdo ... URL #wwe #wwf #tna
id1	id2	negative	None	#syria #homs , baba amr . [ 8 feb 2012 ] . ( important ) desperate distress call from baba amr to the world . #cnn #bbc #nbc URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	thought-provoking piece with ian bennett @USER on new #blues manager lee clark in tomorrow’s birmingham mail #bcfc
id1	id2	negative	None	never have i felt this tired i had more fucking energy on the monday morning if leeds festival for christ sake
id1	id2	positive	None	forget league’s super saturday , @USER has super storm sandy . name aside the coverage has been first class
id1	id2	neutral	None	late surge carries unc past shaw : six minutes into the second half at the smith center on friday night , north ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	coming to a news stand near you ! the best conservative magazine on the block . i write on why gop needs a new jack kemp . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER scant wait leave for l.a. tomorrow morning from omaha , ne to watch the trojans go duck hunting ! see yahoo on the field !
id1	id2	positive	None	benny benassi at #exchangela tonight ! armin van buuren at #exchangla tomorrow night ! #edm weekened . @USER see worth the late night job .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hope the albion didn’t ruin your sunday that much . nice seeing you again pal
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked a @USER video URL jay park dancing dougie with prepix in front t . g . i . friday’s ( cl
id1	id2	positive	None	preparing copies to take to #telford town centre tomorrow now . good excuse for a teensy shopping trip with daughter methinks !
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to seeing chuck close’s installation at the 86th and 2nd ave subway ! carol vogel @USER reports URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dom at center stage on the 16th who trying to go
id1	id2	neutral	None	daylight savings time is upon us again . sunday the clocks will fall back an hour .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER speaking of ib are you going to rackley’s/straton’s study thing at umbc tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	ren fair with owain tomorrow . fluff yes
id1	id2	neutral	None	juniors . tomorrow is the last day to order class rings ! herf jones will be at school from 8- 8:45 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#cosatu vavi : special cec was called to take forward declaration of cosatu’s 11th congress on the marikana bloodbath . gw .
id1	id2	positive	None	the craft awards are happening next week on october 4th at the gladstone hotel ! invite all your friends and get ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	september 15 2012 @USER at the chateau marmont in west hollywood URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER haha well you can’t get me lost . i gotta be back in oklahoma before monday morning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gus malzahn knew of march 10 traffic stop of michael dyer . here’s a statement on why he waited to act URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	going home to try and maybe study for the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	don’t forget milonga noche argentina this saturday night at calle ocho , with latigo daniel’s class starting at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	calle a softy , but the happy thursday bikers actually do make my thursdays happier
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the day . i’m gonna do a speech of st. patrick’s day in @USER honour . wish me luck ! <3
id1	id2	positive	None	found the ice cream in slackers in page just now . loved the drive to page , martian landscapes ! monument valley tomorrow URL
id1	id2	negative	None	mt @USER #syria , deir ezzor , bokamal : indiscriminate mortar shelling on different parts of the city , sunday , 7 oct . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i hear you are visiting anchorage ak on monday ? and meeting dallas seavey ? is the event open to the general public ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	los angeles , calif . ( ktla ) a magnitude 3.9 earthquake jolted parts of the los angeles area on sunday morning at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	lookin for somethin to do this sat nite ? come relax with me , along with david owen , @USER marine room in la jolla ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wto members meeting as the general council on 26 october 2012 have agreed to laos joining the organization ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	daylight saving time ends this weekend . set your clocks back 1 hour before you go to bed on saturday night to get an extra hour of sleep !
id1	id2	positive	None	11 hours of sleep :) thank you sembreak namiss ko ung kagisingmo may nambubulabog agad sayo lukas and rushers i miss you : * #taongbahay :)
id1	id2	negative	None	ok so everyone who thinks its ’ internationaldirectionerday ’ .. your wrong directioners day is 23rd of july the day they were formed ! smh ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER could have fooled me . i thought the march was about trying to win back favour with workers ... cosatu is fast losing credibility
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER eddie curry is showing more lift then dwight howard who looks like the 2nd coming of tracy mcgrady right now
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER can’t hover over link to see file name ? tudou doesn’t have playlists and this particular person only had the 1st episode anyways .
id1	id2	negative	None	strong revenue growth at tudou , but the company keeps on bleeding heavily - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER also , did you know march 14 is pi day ? get it 3/14 & 3.14 ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 16 , 8pm est , big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	natural gas : a bridge to the clean energy economy | mark udall | u.s. senator for colorado URL via @USER mark ? c’mon ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sydney dalton ( eww ) did a good one . she posted on her tumblr what she did . google it or something , you may find it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	irene+jimmy who married in bhutan , had a 2nd wedding in taipei . couldnt make it but our associates mc & jean-michel did : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun , 10 mar 2013 ! what have i got myself into !
id1	id2	neutral	None	wish i knew how deloitte is going to determine if its safe for me to drive to my client monday morning . #biggirlproblems
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunnybank . come along to our free fertility information morning at sunnybank , brisbane this saturday the 13th at 9am . to register : ...
id1	id2	positive	None	tianna- happy sunday ! ( sips coffee ... ) ah , let’s kick it off with rihanna , shawn hook , hedley , and christina aguilera . who’s with me ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ow god haha , going home at break tomorrow btw cuz my anutys down from york so going for a meal xx
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER awww what a great dream !! :) and it will come true soon !!! pennies on may 16 !! be there !! #618wingman
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER no . you misread . i’m not just talking about bnp . i’m talking about the dog whistle racism in popular press . open the sun or mail .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to miguel migs at nikki beach miami in miami , fl - mar 18 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	michael dyer got kicked out of his 2nd school . smh . he had it made . why throw away your talent like that . smfh
id1	id2	neutral	None	deadly israeli strike , fire from gaza mar truce : a deadly israeli airstrike into the gaza strip and rocket and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	in celebration of mother’s day in #argentina , we will be treating mom’s to a glass of bubbly with #brunch tomorrow ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	halloween wore me out next on the list danksgiving on nov 23 at big fish pub in tempe hit up for slots and info only a couple left
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER siri vs . google voice search- may the best robot helper win URL #apple - shock , horror , #applesucks
id1	id2	negative	None	one concern about posterous is that it was bought by twitter recently and so may no longer have same support/development as previously .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on this day : 20 june 1987 , congressman jack kemp speaks at the national right to life convention in new orleans ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	for fans who can’t make the game , usf baseball’s series opening game against 2nd place uconn will be on cbs college sports , first pitch at 7
id1	id2	positive	None	great result for leverkusen to take the 3 points and putting an end to bayerns winning streak . where under a lot of pressure in the 2nd half
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER if your around this weekend were playing in claytons on sunday night about 9
id1	id2	neutral	None	tarheels preseason picked to finish 3rd behind nc state . bind this spirit ! btw the original carolina is north carolina !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i shall be there saturday , be prepared for me to give lap dances . i will expect a chair in the middle of the living room ..
id1	id2	positive	None	omg @USER kita baru check dm ! congrats !!! see you soon ( seafood ) hehe and see you at deloitte in feb ! yay ! so happy for you :d
id1	id2	positive	None	is wikipedia more reliable than the encyclopaedia britannica ? worth a 2nd thought for librarians and young researchers : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember sunday its the enlighten adelaide festival , callington show - callington a&h society inc . and mitcham ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i’m already on my 3rd year at colton it wouldn’t make sense to graduate from gt after spending all this time here >.<
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so we get to see it in ireland tomorrow on e news . can’t wait . congrats on the little bun in the oven #amazeballs x
id1	id2	positive	None	(...) five of us conquering the world together by using our songs to bring happiness to people - kim hyung jun #2700dayswithss501
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you ! no heat , electric , no internet since monday afternoon .
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning all ! we hope you enjoyed national women’s day ! well , a new day has arrived ... it’s friday & long ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol ... oh if you are free on sunday , i would like to invite you to women’s day at my church .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER michael ball is incredible 10th anniversary with him and colm is sick
id1	id2	positive	None	was going on cams 4 a later show today but instead , helped our daughter get a new nissan titan . she’s so excited ! be on tomorrow , for sure !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i thought it was the football team at 1st until i scrolled down and saw trey burke . lol
id1	id2	positive	None	party tomorrow at club paradise for the football team winning friday’s game ! everyone invited ! nobody over 19 ! time : 8-until $5 to get in !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i tried that email , but haven’t heard back . i want to send the film to sxsw and deadline is nov 15
id1	id2	negative	None	being told the nathan williams concussion happened during neb game , but they didn’t know until sunday . missed practice all week .
id1	id2	neutral	None	carnival tomorrow :) , who going ? #rt
id1	id2	negative	None	got science pssa’s tomorrow . what’s the point of retaking them when i did all the study island remediation already ? school sucks man .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do you think atlantic city will be accessible for friday ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	radio city are gonna visit the most spookiest places in liverpool . 1st place anfield it’s a bit dead in there after tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	hockey game against cardigan tomorrow , bring it on .
id1	id2	negative	None	saudi hereditary dictatorship kills shias in the eastern province . un security council not to meet , pakistani #mullahcult not to march .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER a happy awesome 22nd birthday to you from all the rushers in malaysia !!! have a blast !!! <3 malaysian rushers ...
id1	id2	negative	None	i think i may be wasting my time with them ... so i will just leave it alone but what comes around goes around ... karm is a bitch
id1	id2	negative	None	usually hate the merseyside derby , but that 1st half was unreal
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in between phones at the moment . will go to shoeless joe’s monday morning if that’s fine .
id1	id2	neutral	None	our first write-in is saturday , november 3 from 12-2 at coffee to a tea , on the first floor in the same building as mellow mushroom .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good afternoon ian wishing you a good day and a fun filled weekend at paleyfest tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER see you this wed , show is 10/10/12 @USER houston improv !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	people not wearing pink tomorrow is gonna be like not wearing green on st. patrick’s day #youregettingpinched #orpunched
id1	id2	negative	None	i hate when ppl do rates on ig & lie ! the bitch look like undertaker & you gone give her a 9.7 , c’mon man !
id1	id2	positive	None	will be presenting speakers at this friday’s youth shout out forum at challenge stadium with the honorable julie bishop and peter garrett .
id1	id2	negative	None	#fakta on the 8th of mar 191 cao cao attempted an assassination on dong zhuo ; an evil tyrant that use the last emperor of han as a puppet .
id1	id2	negative	None	these #iditarod updates are making me nervous !!! sounds like dallas seavey has it but hope aliy zirkle can stay in 2nd !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	duelo makes me want to go and hit up rodeo every saturday #houstontx
id1	id2	negative	None	so now it seems daav(conspiracy ) of yadav have back fired ... and if true/proved may create troubles for akhilesh yadav and samajwadi party ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER boo i wanted to watch inkigayo , but i’ll travel tomorrow , so i have to sleep , but i’m with you , in my heart , my soul ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	q1 6:40 . josh freeman pass to vincent jackson to the minnesota 22 for 26 yards . 1st & 10 .
id1	id2	positive	None	it was good tonight we are all happy about the 3 points against bilbao ! now we have a big game at sunday against ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	any lovatics going for the jonas brothers concert tomorrow night ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	when i looked at the full moon last night i immediately thought of remus lupin @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER brilliant !! the reds just have class ! did your sun play at sunnybank on sunday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	heading to the social media day event at motor city casino’s soundboard tomorrow . pretty exciting ! #det
id1	id2	neutral	None	#idp will texans see the old mario williams on sunday ? : will texans see the old mario williams ... URL #fantasyfootball
id1	id2	neutral	None	yahoo fantasty basketball league . just sign in through facebook for an account . send me emails i need like 20 ppl leggo ! draft sundy 4th !
id1	id2	positive	None	finally , after almost 30 hours , mass effect 2 is in the books . time for 4 hours of sleep , 12 hours of work , and starting me3 tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	1 bottle empi light and 2 bottles of smb is enough to call it a night . for tomorrow is another day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what’s happening at claytons tomorrow night ? out in marlow with the girls and we are deciding where to end up !
id1	id2	positive	None	just before rehearsing this scene , @USER and i sat center stage expressing our gratitude to god . for the URL
id1	id2	negative	None	that sucks if you have to take the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yea but since it’s such a short notice , b/g is the simplest thing to do . haha but decades tuesday don’t sound too bad .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ben howland gives much credit to phil matthews , the one-time ventura college coach , for ucla landing prized recruit shabazz mohammed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	grove city wet bar friday night w the ladies ... red bottoms . came in mail yesterday time break them bad boys in ... #trendsetta
id1	id2	negative	None	people are going to know i was up late watching the walking dead tonight because i’m going to look like a walker tomorrow ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i’d suggest all these people get along to the orlando stadium on sunday . see africa . it’s where we live .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i miss you too omg we should go to the fair next friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	liverpool 2-0 fc gomel in what has been a cracking first half for liverpool . borini opening his liverpool account and stevie scoring the 2nd
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha i meant what do you think if i’m taking kl live for my assignment :d so far xde show lagi maybe on september .
id1	id2	neutral	None	plea to probe ’ foreign funding ’ of team anna : the bench had directed the centre on may 30 to treat sharma’s plea to the court for pro ...
id1	id2	negative	None	getting sick right before the ucla football game on saturday <<<
id1	id2	neutral	None	so what happened to kony 2012 cover the night on april 20 ?
id1	id2	positive	None	ucla coach ben howland on other pac-12 teams , i think cal may have the best pair of guards in the conference .
id1	id2	neutral	None	read all about @USER defending his wbo title at the staples center in la on november 10 : URL #boxing
id1	id2	neutral	None	yikes ! daylight savings is sunday , november 2nd -this weekend ! help your kids adjust to the time change with ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i’m busy tonight , but how about teengirl fantasy , becoming real and seams at corsica on saturday dude ?
id1	id2	positive	None	#sports alaskan musher , 25 , youngest to win iditarod : dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tues ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	raekwon macauley is 15 and went missing from mitcham on 13 september . please share the link and help us find him . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	next saturday , be sure to check out nero and adventure club with fareoh at hammerstein ballroom at manhattan ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ohio state women’s volleyball up to no . 15 in the nation . other rankings : women’s hockey 10th , women’s soccer 21st
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER even i didn’t know it’s 18th sept at kl live to be exact :p
id1	id2	negative	None	daylight savings time ends this weekend . and i don’t know what this means for the timing on f1 on sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	chuck close is creating mosaics for the 86th st. station of the 2nd ave subway . this makes me hate the project a lot less . well played , mta .
id1	id2	negative	None	dear naked cyclists , i will not support your campaign if you are putting your sweaty bits on boris bikes ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	love like hers on dvd and blu-ray from nov 15th with lots of extras ( inc . host and that day ) , pre-order here URL #limited
id1	id2	positive	None	great progression in teacher trainees at bridging the gap this weekend - well done ! see u tomorrow at one more breath at nat christie !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER lmao . i only miss the jokes and what not . walking in the sun was shit ! and that bitch candy cane is still missin !
id1	id2	negative	None	fuck i have the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wasn’t the 2009 class 11th ( last ) in big ten ?
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 20th blessed birthday chunji ! ^^ one more year and you will enter the life of the adulthood :d have fun with the boys ! ^^ #1005chunjiday
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to see duelo tomorrow at the lonestar park :)
id1	id2	positive	None	big ovation for smith center native mark simoneau who will be the 2nd #kstate player inducted into the college football hall of fame
id1	id2	negative	None	this old white dude on worldstarhiphop had a plate shited on it sat down without wiping his ass & ate his own shit omfg so fucking nasty !!
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait until the dlc for me3 comes out tomorrow . :-)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i’m sorry i lack the drawing skills to pay homage to such a great illustrator as jean moebius giraud on tuesday sketch 2 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER can i get a retweet for my 17th birthday hbk ?? #dx btw do you have a fan mail address that u sign things through ?? #hbk4life
id1	id2	neutral	None	berlusconi states he has walked out of the scene : ( agi ) milan , 19 october - since i walked out of the scene i m ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sp to support upa , but oppose anti-people policies : samajwadi party on saturday said it will continue to oppose ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	david owen : why british olympic sport may miss a man it should have made ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	eu welcomes laos entry to wto : on 26 october , the european commission backed world trade organisation ( wto ) deci ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	champion hurdle hero rock on ruby could return in the fighting fifth hurdle at newcastle on dec 1st . 8/1 for the champion hurdle anyone ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	soaking rain falls across metroplex : widespread rain across the metroplex soaked the region saturday , with most ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	james meredith on this 30 for 30 ... the 1st black student at ole miss ... well ... thats the definition of a real nigga w/ balls .
id1	id2	neutral	None	bahraini prince to visit gaza strip : a bahraini prince will on thursday make a rare trip to the gaza strip to op ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	my tarheels beat virginia tech ! #tarheelnation now it’s time for my 2nd team to beat texas ! #mountaineernation
id1	id2	positive	None	looking to enjoy your fall in the raw ? join marni and carol belmont for an inspiring evening at belmonte raw wed night ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER it’s girls night ! we go out somewhere to sat and then moomba ! are you like jealous ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the official after party for nc state’s pep rally is at mirage raleigh this thursday !! your host for the night ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	federal reserve stands firm on bond-buying program : the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is s ... URL #business
id1	id2	positive	None	just corrected a wrong in the world and listened to these magnet hearts by kina grannis for the 1st time !!. i suggest you all do the same .
id1	id2	negative	None	i got that drank i mix that lean .. i throw the money up and then i walk on green ... kirko bangz got a hit and i was shitting on him at 1st
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER as i will be drinking excessively tonight , i may call one of you to discuss raoul moat & gazza
id1	id2	neutral	None	moderate-heavier rain moving toward racine ... should be dry for the 6th annual st. patrick’s day parade though , starts @USER bring sunscreen
id1	id2	neutral	None	went to victory lane at 10 took 1st got home at like just 3:45 fell asleep woke up at 6 fell asleep an jus woke up at 10:34
id1	id2	neutral	None	last 3 dons matches i’ve been at have been 0-0 . last dons win i saw was forfar in january . i’m going tonight #apologiesinadvance
id1	id2	neutral	None	gizmodo : here are two photos from tomorrow’s apple even @USER buena center for the arts san francisco , ca URL
id1	id2	positive	None	on the bright side , i’m getting a taco bell tomorrow . wheey
id1	id2	positive	None	pst keane delivers best mls goal from saturday : the los angeles galaxy were on top of things early tonight again ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	move : invisible children’s new film from the creators of kony 2012 . take time to look , share and be active on nov 17th ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#maction . i mean , way to go , bearcats . made up for a 4th quarter from hell with one huge drive .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sorry babe am off it till laidback luke then after that black friday haha xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tedxsendai is october 10th URL watch it and learn more about the people affected by the tohoku disaster .
id1	id2	neutral	None	team rider vitor borger gets a slay sunday over on the msa site ... share it ! love yo feet URL
id1	id2	positive	None	is your pet the perfect poser ? free to enter competition with the gazette . go along to pets at home , squires gate lane , nov 8 - 17
id1	id2	neutral	None	the last few snakes in ireland were found at blarney gaa hall during the st. patrick’s day parade . pic courtesy ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	we should all take a moment and just think about the fact that umbc closed . and was announced the night before . this may never happen again .
id1	id2	neutral	None	when i heard about the libor scandal 1st i thought ( blast from the past ) it was david owen & david steele all over again ! #libor #1980s
id1	id2	positive	None	bring it on willard mitt romney ! let me hear those zingers !! happy 20th wedding anniversary to president barack ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day of school tomorrow then im out too cuba :p haha
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hearing taco bell , makes me want taco bell . i hate you now . can we all go to taco bell tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think i’m going to watch terra nova or something faggy like that and then pass out since i’m supposed to wake up tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	apple special event march 7 2012 ipad 3 the new ipad full apple keynote ... : URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	truman state is 3-0 for the first time since 1994 . they’ll face no . 22 ucm ( 2-1 ) tomorrow night on cbs college sports #miaafb
id1	id2	neutral	None	#infosec #security sophos releases usb accessory for remote ethernet device : on wednesday , sophos announced the ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i really wish i didn’t have to take the act tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	galaxy tab 2 10.1 coming to sprint with lte on november 11th : good news for sprint customers in th ... URL #android #tech
id1	id2	positive	None	mohawk place tonight in buffalo , new york . roll out ! tomorrow we play hoosier dome in indianapolis , indiana .
id1	id2	neutral	None	federal reserve stands firm on bond-buying program : the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is standing fi ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	my mom makes tacos every thursday , and it gets gross , why can’t we have taco bell ? :/
id1	id2	positive	None	just been informed that i’m in the squad against the bolton wanderers international academy on monday . can’t wait ! #standard
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what is selig’s next brilliant idea : whoever wins the grapefruit and cactus league gets to play a one game wildcard in oct ?
id1	id2	positive	None	sts espn - alaskan musher , 25 , youngest to win iditarod - dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tues ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it’s alright , we just wanted to make sure you’re free to go out sat night ... we’re going to book a room at jurys inn :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	are the sats still on for saturday at clifton high ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m definitely going bum status tomorrow ! graphic tee , gym shorts , toms , and a cardigan !
id1	id2	negative	None	omg wtf fml . can’t sleep . college tomorrow and a presentation on the st. patrick’s day campaign for the guinness storehouse .. just want sleep
id1	id2	positive	None	the boys really like to see the sun ... have you listened to uan and lwwy ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yea with the band to march in the st patrick’s day parade but we were on a set schedule so i didn’t get to do alot
id1	id2	neutral	None	thousands of cosatu members have gathered at the orkney stadium in rustenburg ahead of a march to anglo gold ashanti’s offices - report
id1	id2	neutral	None	down to the wire in fresno for #rttt : teachers union , supt . hanson still meeting . deadline tomorrow . #edreform
id1	id2	positive	None	jose iglesias with 2 amazing plays in a row . going derek jeter on the 2nd
id1	id2	positive	None	selena may be a bad girl in spring breakers but she will always be the good girl from texas .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sooo i may or may not be freaking out . i was watching their show at radio city and umm it just like ... hit URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy tuesday . your batting average is no worse than that of jose iglesias . hopefully that gets you through the day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	la liga : barca and betis march on , malaga held : real betis moved up to fourth in the table ... URL URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i got tickets to the nc state game saturday and nobody to go with ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the only one i can think of is that 1 super bowl , the other 2 may be reggie wayne and marvin harrison , only ex . that come to mind
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked ’ helsinki , finland - nokia factory room - 10 november 2012 20:00 ’ in the dj shadow app URL
id1	id2	positive	None	aww kina grannis sang ’ mr. sun ’ for all the filipinos who suffered from floods ! @USER <3
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m sooo goin to my chicago bulls game on feb 1st against the nets . epic !!! i need a date though
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching wansapanataym with nephew , so grade schoool kids touch screen na rin mga cellphone ? noong elem ako cool na yun may mga beeper haha
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER i was supposed to take my sats tomorrow but it got postponed . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	thinking i’m going to charleston tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	would it be crazy if i asked to go to washington dc nov 17 for the joseph kony march ?
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday announcements from the youths 1 . youths want to thank elder opit and experts from usaid for the wonderful ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch #tunisia live’s live stream of the #august13 march on national women’s day in downtown #tunis : URL #womenrights
id1	id2	positive	None	to the 20 years old chunji ! happy birthday , stay healthy and may everything goes as you wish . oh yeah you wish everything goes your way xd
id1	id2	positive	None	carnival tomorrow . i’ll make sure to take pictures :) #excited
id1	id2	positive	None	i want a 6-0 stomping at rfk on saturday , boys . make it happen . #dcu
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER nobody knows if drose will have the same game ever again when he does return . march seems awfully optimistic to me ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	#sanleandro -raised #nonitodonaire ( 30-1 ) , beats toshiaki nishioka tonight with a tko in 9th round to retain the wbo featherweight title .
id1	id2	positive	None	that was the best day of my life fam . i felt like a slave that got freed , or derrick rose passing the sat . maaan ...
id1	id2	positive	None	colts defensive coordinator greg mausky confirms that olb robert mathis will play sunday vs . dolphins . mathis also says he’s good to go .
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg . who wants to go see duelo with me this friday !?
id1	id2	positive	None	one of my favourite film series when i was a kid was ’ halloweentown they changed marni in the 3rd one tho ! i have them on dvd too lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	spotify’s sean parker and daniel ek make music -- and some noise : the full d10 interview ( video ): at the 10th d ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	anna kendrick may be the only good thing that twilight produced :)) . i mean , she was amazeballs on up in the air hahaha !
id1	id2	neutral	None	meet us on the high line , nyc , july 31 : raise awareness for bgdl and international women with alopecia month . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#1 : the 2nd law [ explicit ]: the 2nd law [ explicit ] muse | format : mp3 download 1 day in the top 100 ( 1)download ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah , we have the option to use the qb as a flex back . i activated weeden & sat reggie wayne for the 1st time
id1	id2	neutral	None	when i am king , kendrick lamar & anna kendrick will wed and he will be forced to take her name , thereby making him kendrick kendrick .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is national women’s day . anyone doing any interesting day trips tomorrow on the public holiday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	hi all , its our halloween show on radio city tomorrow night i will be with special guests sacha and elaine on the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so glad i don’t have to retake the pssa’s tomorrow . good luck to the 200 some that do . hahaha #ratchet
id1	id2	positive	None	carnival tomorrow in the horseshoe/amphitheatre ! everyone go it’ll be fun ! student singing , food , jumpee and games !
id1	id2	positive	None	great 1st day of early vote in fl , successful event with eva longoria , and giants kick off game 3 with the 1st run of the game . i’ll take it
id1	id2	negative	None	if spurs sell vdv , plus modric leaves , they may as well save us the wait n just join the championship .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching a year with armin van buuren for the 4th time
id1	id2	neutral	None	next week on #thelivingroom : volcanoes in vanuatu , luscious lasagne & a seventies style-over ! see you at 7.30 pm next friday on @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	entered the cape argus pick n pay bike tour . happening in march . in #capetown . URL that gets a #woot !
id1	id2	neutral	None	text of speech by gibraltar’s chief minister at the finance centre lunch in london last monday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching nhk for the 8th time in the last 3 years . welcome to depression .
id1	id2	positive	None	st. patrick’s gaa are doing a fundraising clothes collection day on nov 13th if you want to get rid of any old clothes give me a call .
id1	id2	positive	None	way back in july ’ 12 , our worthy chief minister , defender of the honest banana republic , and the delhi government ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunnybank’s hooker bounces a 45m penalty goal over the posts in the 1st half of extra time . score is 28-31 after 80minutes carn heavies !!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i swear !! you dont needa be that ratchet in 7th grade . i was just about to call joseph kony .
id1	id2	negative	None	lmao ite he ain’t goin be to happy he said he coming to allderdice tomorrow for you nigga @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	brian wilson is set to make his cactus league debut tomorrow for the san francisco #giants .
id1	id2	neutral	None	how mothers day is renowned : online floral mothers day , also known as mothering sunday is notable on the fourth ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER shege don’t comw i’m going to abj tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	worst away day sat in a home end v bolton 0-0 87 mins gone berba scores i jump up #awkward #awaydays
id1	id2	neutral	None	mark cuban on the apple tv’s possible future URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i just pray that april jones is found alive after the tia sharp incident r . i . p tia <3 ’ xo
id1	id2	positive	None	remus lupin is the best harry potter charater in my mind
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great time last night @USER queen mary . i thought i saw a ghost but it turned out to be a really old lady needing some sun .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy halloween ! it is 654 am here in seoul on the 31st . i love and miss you all in the states .
id1	id2	neutral	None	’ fashion star ’ crew still picketing : tv news : negotiations with producers began monday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i added a video to a @USER playlist URL jim rogers and glenn beck - what to expect in the near future ( june 9 ,
id1	id2	negative	None	so verizon is sending me a droid tomorrow since my thunderbolt acts up all the time . this phone is annoying .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hello everyone ! just a note that the attire for tomorrow’s project relief : aiding east africa , presented by msa ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	alli simpson . they may just be two normal words to you . but they mean the world to me . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER 2nd one is mostly b/g but they did do a g/g scene with @USER & @USER which was abt 50 mins .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi , my name is dayle , abd you’re my inspiration ! :) ( rt/follow if you see this ? )47
id1	id2	neutral	None	selling tickets for blackout november 23rd in fresno tickets are $15 for limited time so hmu if you from chowchila , kerman , madera , or fresno .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER please may my band make a cover of scream to perform for our school & maybe upload to youtube with yours and hedley’s permission ?
id1	id2	positive	None	girl scouts will be out picking up trash through hawley on november 3 . this is just to do our part in helping keep hawley clean . we will ...
id1	id2	positive	None	i just realized its november 1st . which means its the first day of the new law to have open carry in oklahoma . happy open carry day !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	#5 : casecrown bold standby case ( black ) for ipad 4th generation with retina display , ipad 3 & ipad 2 ( built-in m ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	upper room ( our young adult ministry ) is meeting this sunday at 6pm @USER otto’s . hang out with 20+ young adults ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	yesterday , it has passed a year and four months since the great east japan earthquake 11 march 2011 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER and the people & animals at cuba as well ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to spending the last night at a luxurious hotel though . hot springs . then we’re back friday night
id1	id2	positive	None	june 23rd ladies free till 11 !! thas all you need to know ! don’t miss this one ! heat wave vol1 will be previ URL
id1	id2	positive	None	oms on my birthday ( dec . 18th tuesday ) i want lap dances ! everybody know i stay with like 50 singles in my pocket !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER travelling to leicester from ipswich to check out dmu with bex , third saturday on the trot visiting unis
id1	id2	neutral	None	will there be a tally room this saturday ? and will it be the cit change rooms again ? i may head to see the caps instead . #datenight
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s going down friday 6th @USER #leeds calle ocho summer party the norths best #salsa party . not to be missed URL
id1	id2	positive	None	with much hope and trepidation , i am looking forward to the 1st battle for l.a. game between lakers and clipps .
id1	id2	positive	None	passionate about cnis ’ work , be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - winkler 725 main street unit b
id1	id2	negative	None	7th lie : sameera said that nabeel’s marches threatened police to use molotov cocktails & iron rods ! she’s not ashamed of pure lies #bahrain
id1	id2	positive	None	musical awareness : great big beautiful tomorrow has an ending , now is the time does not
id1	id2	positive	None	so get finished early today & get tomorrow off ... my 1st though ooo could go to the garden centre ... what’s happened to me !!
id1	id2	positive	None	i need everybody to come out to the video shoot tomorrow and support @USER ( club crucial )
id1	id2	positive	None	no more denean , camp airy tomorrow to see my friends , dashboard on sunday with @USER and lunch saturday with @USER yesss .
id1	id2	negative	None	james pattinson may not make it to the odi tour of england despite his expected recovery as the selectors ponder ... #australia #cricket
id1	id2	positive	None	the guy who let me borrow his ohio state bag friday night just said i can keep it . saweeet . good day for liz !
id1	id2	negative	None	(( but guys kony is dead apparently he died in june or july he’s been dead for a while now tbh am i the only person who knew oops ))
id1	id2	neutral	None	i found this ’ kl live - 30 november -0001 ’ in the greyson app URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy monday slackers ! don’t forget tonight is steamers night here at slackers . 1 doz . $4.99 2 doz . $8.99 with ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so living the 6 figure life may be nice .. i think it may be neat .. mr. miyagi taught patience ! it will come !
id1	id2	negative	None	shaker can’t just post pone halloween .. tf wensday i’m getting my candy not on sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	chris rene can win one more time before he has to retire with rockin ’ with you . monday he goes up against hunter ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	trying to decide what to take to the fashion star auditons tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	#11 john isner has beaten #1 novak djokovic 7-6 , 3-6 , 7-6 in the bnp paribas open . welcome to the world’s top 10 #johnisner .
id1	id2	negative	None	kepr : state dot : snoqualmie pass lane closures may cause delays : if a trip over the cascades via interstate 90 is in ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good weekend to have gotten the sunday nyt . reading gradually through , discovered 1st season bomb girls is on reelz starting this weekend .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ricky burns to make wbo title defence against liam walsh on big december show in london : URL #boxing #boxingheads
id1	id2	neutral	None	seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume for thursday : converted organics inc . ( pink : coin ) traded as hig ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey marni ! are you going to be at the kings next sunday ? i would love to be able to meet you ! xx
id1	id2	positive	None	plies at center stage next friday lol you better go get yo man ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we wont know until tomorrow ! i think it is between colton and herman !
id1	id2	negative	None	2nd the fuck of all georgetown has been running this same offense for like 10 years . these muthafuckas can’t even win the big east
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER hi , would you know about the george benson show tomorrow at eko hotel ? how can one get tickets ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	kyocera to supply 30mw of modules for solar power plant in northern japan : following the july start of a new fee ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER i think colton’s going hunting all day sunday . hit him up i should be here all day
id1	id2	positive	None	going town tomorrow , definitely going to hmv and buying chapman square . :d @USER <3
id1	id2	positive	None	rushers ! do u want btr on pcas ? october 27 tweet/rt #btronpcas ! time : 3-6 pst/6-9 est #time4change let’s get btr nominated ! btr deserves it !
id1	id2	positive	None	crawfish tomorrow , nothing like having it in the comfort of your own home ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	the sun will still shine over the metroplex tomorrow . ( metaphorically )
id1	id2	positive	None	theater of the new thur eve blue covenant : maude barlow : world #water crisis URL w/ water , we see the oneness of the world
id1	id2	neutral	None	the party is at sky boxx every saturday night with ralow smith and mike d !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	park chillen with both bookers , j wall and ot . lawd help me jeeyyzus . part 2 at cafe asia tomorrow w @USER and josh howard #legggoo
id1	id2	negative	None	my mrs was arrested 4 streaking at crufts . the judge gave her 2nd place for her puppies but said her afghan could do with a trim !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	just discovered restaurant on top of centre point . am now taking agent to it tomorrow . no idea what food like but presumably view sublime !
id1	id2	neutral	None	july 16 , 8pm est , big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during commercials .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a plea to the ncaa to revoke their new decorum rules : you may have heard during the coverage of big ten basketba ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	getting an iphone 5 tomorrow and going to the zac brown concert ... can i look forward to any more ? #excited
id1	id2	negative	None	barcelona face a defensive crisis when they host granada on saturday , with carles puyol ( knee ) and gerard pique ( foot ) both sidelined .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we trade hst tomorrow ! d ; and sat ! oh and for english , do we have to get rid of all the be verbs , or the ones from last time ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER unnie , i’ll be in seoul on 7 nov . can you arrange your fan meeting on that day ? please ~ ~ i wanna meet you so much !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to be a girl naruto tomorrow cough cough
id1	id2	positive	None	* good god luck to everybody taking the math ogt tomorrow . stay focused its actually easy .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER maude barlow : why i am going to be in #victoria on october 22nd : URL #defendourcoast #bcpoli #cdnpoli
id1	id2	neutral	None	former #stlblues jacques plante wears mask for first time in game nov 1 1959 montreal canadiens vs ny rangers after he was struck in face
id1	id2	neutral	None	house confidence vote on bribing , decree due tomorrow : ( agi ) rome - the house expressed confidence in the govern ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	holy shit . rebecca black donated all her earnings from friday to help the japan earthquake . this changes everything .
id1	id2	neutral	None	8 days till selena’s b-day . i can see it now coming up on e news , justin bieber buys girlfriend selena a continent for her 20th birthday
id1	id2	negative	None	if i wasn’t going to owain’s tomorrow , i would probably spend the whole night crying to myself $ : ..
id1	id2	positive	None	win a book of choice ( < $15 ) from book depository ! open internationally if the book depository ships to your country ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday sapt . 8 saints end of summer birthday bash . cookout n some brewskies . then it’s time to start planning our infamous winter jam !
id1	id2	negative	None	pfft . i just wondered why my dashboard is so quiet . friday . shit . totally forgot .
id1	id2	positive	None	oomf just made wish i had a half rite about now ! #1st &3rd
id1	id2	negative	None	hard day looking forward to my tea now may have to call in to an irlam takeaway #memories
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for the mac championship tomorrow . i feel like i’m playing in the game . eu , lets get it done .
id1	id2	positive	None	dirty harry just started on reelz ... i may have to share a few choice quotes if the mood strikes me . i shall try to be restrained .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER overturn 28/1 worth an each way bet tomorrow in the champion hurdle #nodoubt
id1	id2	negative	None	anxious for the one next wednesday i need to get to the bottom of this bobbi kristina and nick thing
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER if spurs hadn’t got that result mate you guys would have been 1st up . have you heard saf moaning . 4mins injury time an insult .
id1	id2	positive	None	levi is so cute , we were talking about the club fair , and he said i would buy food but i’m saving my money for saturday :))) <3
id1	id2	negative	None	yo if u don’t vote nov 6th for frank bolanos for mayor of doral ... drop kicks and elbows to the face maa niggaa .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tbs presents a blues series at the melody bar in the gladstone hotel . august 2 , steve strongman will be performing two solo acoustic sets .
id1	id2	neutral	None	today , 9 august 2012 , is national women’s day in south africa as well as international day of the world’s indigenous people
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER done and done ! i haven’t seen the last few episodes . i don’t have internet until monday so i can’t download them yet .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey @USER listen to old school by hedley ... its like we’re living the song tomorrow ... kind of ... maybe ... #ithoughtitwasclever
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i was there for international women’s day in march . hope to return soon ! i love it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 2nd one chris brown was performing with big sean & i was picked to go on stage & then i ended up being cbs wife & brentley was his ! hah
id1	id2	positive	None	6 more hrs then off with my hot wife till wed . orillia , casino and jeff foxworthy !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER kofi annan will be addressing 1,300 delegates on sunday 21 , 2:15 pm edt on the subject of interventions . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bring the kids along to scary mary’s halloween storytime on wednesday at 9.30 am at genera @USER cafe URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER did’ya know that it was inpired by moebius’s and obannon’s long tomorrow ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	super saturday was a blast !! what classes did you try ?
id1	id2	negative	None	a year ago tomorrow changed the iconiac fan base forever :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	#syria 14 : oct picture for the fighting yesterday in karm eljabl @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 3rd kibou concert for victims of the japan earthquake is happening tomorrow at 7.30 pm - details here : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	how he should rejoin his companion , who was awaiting him at rome . he set out , and on the saturday evening reached the eternal city by
id1	id2	neutral	None	just a reminder than we will be playing in hmv in buchanan street on tues the 6th :) time tbc . hope to see you guys there x
id1	id2	neutral	None	pumped about #realscience returning monday on cbs11 news at 4p ! did you know the largest net-zero school in the u.s. is here in metroplex ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	senate building open to the public on saturday 3 november : ( agi ) rome - palazzo madama , the senate building , wil ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck from @USER to cork youth orchestra preparing for its concerts with michael ball , 8 & 9 dec , city hall , have fun !
id1	id2	neutral	None	throwback sunday ?!?!? seaholm game with @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday weekend argus says marian keyes’s the mystery of mercy close is full of the warmth , wisdom and wit for which she is celebrated .
id1	id2	neutral	None	chuck close talks process in anticipation of his opening @USER tonight , 6 to 8 pm at 534 west 25th street URL
id1	id2	negative	None	#noagenda russian ngos to lose american funding as usaid closes . ( euronews video ): in july , the russian par ... URL #itm
id1	id2	neutral	None	so , with today being my last day at holi , today ( or veryyy early tomorrow ) will be the last time i can use my phone until houston .
id1	id2	positive	None	party for the parade friday oct 12th from 8 - 12pm we are kicking off the st patrick’s day celebrations a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cosatu will convene a workers rally at olympia park stadium in rustenburg on the 27 october , for the reinstatement of dismissed mineworkers
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember exit polls where democrats who vote may not vote democrat- this happened reagan vs carter . reagan got 25% of the democratic vote !
id1	id2	neutral	None	orono is the friday move
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i’m just now gettin things finalized plans but it’s september 29th at cafe asia
id1	id2	positive	None	come down to @USER to enter the raffle to win christian louboutin red bottoms doors open 1pm-7pm comedy show 3pm today oct 20th
id1	id2	positive	None	do you remember melodifestivalen’s mystery guys @USER they are back with pretty cool new video crossroads URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mon kemoner station now available on itunes for all shreya ghoshal bengali fans - just go and get it
id1	id2	neutral	None	oct 15 ( mon ) -- cjrc event reminder : recovery from the great east japan earthquake - building smart communities 12:30 pm , dml 233
id1	id2	positive	None	this saturday at 1.30 pm ( australian times ) the janoskians will be hosting their top 20 favourite songs on mtv hits .
id1	id2	positive	None	come support the center for the art of performance at ucla next friday ! in one special evening , grupo fantasma ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	kate bush’s sat in your lap is a song i often forget exists , and it’s always lovely to be reminded it does .
id1	id2	neutral	None	entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on 2013/03/10 ! this will be the 7th time ! check it out URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tuesday , june 12 , is the republican primary in virginia . i strongly recommend jamie radtke for u.s. senator ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lal bahadur shastri is the rahul dravid of october 2 ! agree ?
id1	id2	positive	None	1st time to watch pba . best seat on the house !! thanx sahia ! =) @USER araneta coliseum URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i was jst going to tweet ... yknow youre in sb when its 12 and youre still walking down dp with 2 midterms on friday ! lol !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the days are getting shorter for sure , but we’ll go into daylight savings this sunday , i.e. , no waking up in the dark ! :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	we ( dwill ) was the first to get cooked by jeremy lin then deron came and put dude to bed ... i’m sure thats why he may have said it
id1	id2	positive	None	have never been happier to be home with heat , cable and internet . see ya on sunday bw
id1	id2	negative	None	i’ve narrowed it down to sophos and chrome crapping out on chrome ! setprinterinfo+0xcfc . detours may make this very difficult to figure out .
id1	id2	positive	None	best in show : paris fashion week roundup : as all you betrenders know , paris fashion week is coming to close today ( october 3rd 2012 ) ...
id1	id2	positive	None	so , @USER in helsinki tonight with the #revivaltour , and he has a birthday ! sounds like a killer combination . too bad its tuesday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the newer new ipad aka the ipad 4th generation with retina display URL #apple #new
id1	id2	neutral	None	we’ll be at food day omaha this sunday , 10/21 , 9 am-1 pm , sampling cookie-inspired smoothies with girl scouts ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	may the odds be ever in your favor ! happy halloween from the capitol ! ;) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	that’s the 2nd time a korean girl gave me her number ... at umbc ! the first one was @USER . #idowellwiththegeishas
id1	id2	positive	None	vanuatus 4th best dj and 1st place vanuatu handsome of the year 2001 , 2002 , 2011 is on the decks tonight at decca @USER aka dj ideal lol
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER oh nooo ... i am really confused of chunji’s age ... is he 20 or 19 ??? i just tweeted and said happy 19th birthday to chunji xd
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER don’t worry i’m sure you passed it ! any more exams this week ? i’m good , got a job in hmv today so starting monday week :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	’ is to copy out the encyclopaedia britannica . there is the first
id1	id2	neutral	None	just thinking about my 21st birthday made me realize that it’s 2 weeks after st. patty’s day . #buzzkill
id1	id2	positive	None	just drove through calle ocho on a friday night . never knew it was cuban brickell . outside bars , lounges , pubs ... interesting ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER down in the atlantic city , ventnor , margate , ocean city area . i’m just waiting for the coordinator to hopefully call me tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	#google #hot #news eva longoria to appear with obama thursday URL #teamfollowback yanews
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m going to claytons tomorrow morning but i’m too tired to think about what i’m gonna wear . looks like another ugly day with him . oh well
id1	id2	neutral	None	hanging with tony & cherie blair . got papped . average wednesday night stuff ... #politics
id1	id2	neutral	None	dr. d just told me that she was going to miss me on friday when i am gone to hot springs . #bestteacherever
id1	id2	positive	None	newcastle utd upping the ante in the 2nd half .
id1	id2	neutral	None	seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume , april 23 - fyxnews URL
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait to go to the uga vs . ole miss game on saturday ! #toomuchexcitement
id1	id2	positive	None	thsk was the 2nd foreign singer that can have ranked 1st on oricon weekly chart twice with 2 songs : purple line n beautiful you ..
id1	id2	positive	None	all of a sudden , my whole weekend filled up with fun ! going rafting in the cascades tomorrow :)
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 102 years to l.a. artist tyrus wong ! may the road rise to meet you , may the wind be always at your back : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER he is hip hop sidney crosby to me . may be the best at what he does but such a whiney self important bitch that i don’t give a damn
id1	id2	positive	None	last night we were named nz’s 27th fastest growing co . in the deloitte fast 50 . our 2nd year making the list and we are totally thrilled !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow , sylvia and damien have my full attention . #storytime with @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	so , i’ll be stuck in charleston all day tomorrow . who’s fucking with me .
id1	id2	negative	None	i got the practice cahsee tomorrow at school . dear practice cahsee , can you not . sincerely , me .
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to the hard working @USER on killing his pro day and shooting up to the 4th round of the #nfldraft !
id1	id2	positive	None	the spurs may have won the battle , but not the war !
id1	id2	neutral	None	you knw wat i’m waf with morris hall boys on twitter though they all go cause they 2nd floor team u feel me
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL here’s the coverage map for abc-tv’s telecast of saturday’s isu game against oklahoma which kicks off at 11 am ct .
id1	id2	positive	None	today was a good day vol 2 : the truth set to release in december so make sure you have vol1 : the death !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	derrick rose may be the worst at doing press conferences , he can’t talk to save his life
id1	id2	neutral	None	snsd’s tiffany , cnblue’s yonghwa and b2st’s kikwang mcs for the sbs k-pop super concert nov 10 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i just saw your tweet about livin ’ on a prayer from the 25th . i am so proud of you and mad at twitter for not sharing sooner !
id1	id2	negative	None	by the way tia sharp was buried today you may have failed to notice in all the fuss over a dumb posh tart getting her tits out .
id1	id2	neutral	None	what shall i watch today ? my dear anna kendrick in 50/50 ? raquel in one millions years bc ? or sly in over the top ? all would be 1st times .
id1	id2	negative	None	mother’s day is coming like tomorrow or is it today ? idk , but i didn’t prepare anything for me’s mom .
id1	id2	neutral	None	savior takes 2 games in a row to force the 2nd set of grand finals .. can he go all the way and take out petraeus !? URL #sc2
id1	id2	positive	None	time to get nekkid with filter free friday ( 3/8/2012 ) URL only @USER original global #iphoneography community @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	official : @USER vs . @USER part deux is going down december 29th at the mgm grand in vegas . #ufc155 !
id1	id2	positive	None	last day in scottsdale is tuesday , so happy to be going back to tempe ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER - if you ain’t doing nothing saturday : slide through aja , they got me hosting it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ah , in nz it’s labour day ( last monday in oct ) . besides i figured it’s a bit warmer in bendigo than melbourne . we shall see .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a special presentation was made to jamie carragher ahead of thursday night’s europa league clash with fc gomel at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching kofi annan on msnbc @USER show educate the masses on foreign policy . i wonder how many others are doing so on a friday night
id1	id2	positive	None	my baby graduates from allderdice tomorrow !! get it boo !!! #teamproud
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i’m going to calle ocho tomorrow . i’ll air mail you some !
id1	id2	positive	None	don’t forget to support your 2nd fav team tonight boys & girls :))) haha newcastle utd v bordeaux espn 8pm #toon
id1	id2	neutral	None	kina grannis will perform tonight ! see you there ! august 8 / 8pm at teatrino promenade . buy your tickets now ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#epao jcc demands rop to workcharge employees : urging the chief minister to implement the 6th pay commi ... URL #manipur
id1	id2	positive	None	flame video shoot thursday @USER yes it’s going to worldstarhiphop
id1	id2	negative	None	i may be an asshole for insulting 1d fans but you guys crossed the line by saying mitch deserved to die . stereotypical 1d fans . -_-
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i cancelled with amazon as they weren’t going to post until the 29th ! went with book depository instead , still waiting
id1	id2	positive	None	my only wish on this saturday is for the demon deacons to keep it up and stick to the tarheels
id1	id2	negative	None	i haven’t hung out with deron since sunday , & i feel like i havent hung out with him in forever . #footballboyfriendprobz
id1	id2	positive	None	#mp3 2ne1 - i am the best ( dj marcelo rocha 1st kpop mix ) mp3 download . music database , songs , video , file URL #music #song
id1	id2	negative	None	when your lying in bed and your phone is on your desk and siri pops up #siriwantstokillme if i’m dead tomorrow it was siri ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	don’t forget about congress ! we’ll discuss close races in calif . and around the u.s. , friday at 10am . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	don’t miss shreya ghoshal live in concert in guyana- sunday october 14th at the national stadium #shreya ghoshal
id1	id2	neutral	None	richard bland carded a 2nd round 6-under 66 to surge into a 1-shot lead at the italian open . #ssgolf
id1	id2	neutral	None	this weekend fri-sun the legendary @USER returns to the houston improv and sunday’s show is for all ages 13+ ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER still 2 weeks until the 1st episode so that is good at least . i hope it won’t be like love rain or fashion king , film until end lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey ! if you are looking for new music you may really enjoy my bands material @USER (: we sound similar to the cab !
id1	id2	positive	None	i let @USER convince me to go to the queen mary with her tonight . and we both have class at 7 a.m. tomorrow . #yolo
id1	id2	negative	None	was meant to be going to york on sunday for the football trial things but its been delayed #annoying
id1	id2	neutral	None	so john henson play on the team tues .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER okay ! 1st , what type of content will the site have ? example : g/g , b/g , solo , fetish ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	mt @USER knaus asks @USER how the clouds looking ? earl answers cloudy . knaus : c’mon , try to be ( freakin ’ ) serious
id1	id2	positive	None	yeaa so going to dmu is looking like a myth tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER call me maybe is on the radio ... david owen has to hear it tomorrow on our last day !
id1	id2	positive	None	going to nycc ? don’t miss the maestros of horror and sci-fi music panel next friday featuring composers from me3 ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	carnival tomorrow . i’ll make sure to take pictures :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ’ s wish u were here is 15th on today’s most wanted on mtv hits , it’s on this very moment
id1	id2	positive	None	rip jesus christ musica da madrugada waw .. URL is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it happy good friday
id1	id2	positive	None	nikki beach miami staff ready to welcome you to made in london amazing sunday brunch !!! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#paidnfulleastsaidup2 #dbf drops september 17 classic !!! and @USER gangsta grillz is on the way
id1	id2	neutral	None	fishing tomorrow at decoy and golf at the old nene friday with devan ! #allrounder
id1	id2	positive	None	’ labour day will stay in may!’ URL #standforqld . qlders don’t let newman tell us when to celebrate labour day it’s our day
id1	id2	negative	None	could someone please explain to me why my dmu account is still working ? i’ve graduated !! i do not want to attend a seminar next thursday ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ahhh ! i just passed you way up high in times square :) i’m super excited for #bombgirls next tuesday on reelz ! #cantwait
id1	id2	negative	None	i think i may have accidentally linked to @USER the other day on international women’s day . i am terribly sorry to anyone offended .
id1	id2	neutral	None	deron : surgery may be net result : encouraged by the results of a cortisone shot , deron williams believes he will ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i get to work the bucks game on thurs now . im gonna fake high five john henson and say can i borrow your arms to floss my teeth , douche ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER cena & aj sitting in a tree k-i-s-s-i-n-g 1st goes aj’s job then john’s cred then goes vicki with the gm position .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER righhttt . well in that case we better be celebrating st. patrick’s day in dec too .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER father i’m not a catholic , well i tried to march in the st patricks day parade !
id1	id2	positive	None	gibson , bulls agree to 4-year , $38m extension : chicago bulls forward taj gibson said wednesday night he agreed t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	only 3 more days until africaid’s mother’s day shopping night at ten thousand villages !! friday the 11th from 5-8pm !
id1	id2	positive	None	just found a photo of me and my girl scouts troop back in like 3rd grade . i was so cute and innocent ... what the hell happened #reminiscing
id1	id2	neutral	None	ipad hd hits stores tomorrow . will you be waiting in line for one ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	hindu no secrecy about it policy , says chandy : chief minister oommen chandy said here on thursday that there was ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i don’t think i’m going to jouvert tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	colts game sunday with @USER i can’t wait !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#pvrdirectorsrare to release aditi roy’s national award winning #abosheshey with eng subs on oct 12 . netpac best asian film , iff kerela
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i don’t know why they haven’t put siri on the ipod 4th gen .
id1	id2	neutral	None	starting tomorrow , i’ll go through tim’s drive through everyday & ask for a candy cane hot chocolate until the day they finally give me one .
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember this coming sunday november 4th daylight savings time ends and you get an extra hour of sleep ! :) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i’ve amassed 1.5 million credits in me3 for the retaliation launch tomorrow . more than a little excited #me3 #mybodyisready
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i would find out tomorrow morning . so you should have a back up plan just in cahsee’s
id1	id2	neutral	None	#walkingdead fans . i will reveal a major spoiler for next week’s the walking dead tomorrow at 12est at URL pass it on !
id1	id2	positive	None	jeff foxworthy leads a bible study with homeless guys on tuesday mornings , and has for years . how cool is that ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	september 22 1960 , born on this day , joan jett , the runaways , ( 1982 no . 1 single with the blackhearts , ’ i love rock ’ n ’ roll ’ ) .
id1	id2	neutral	None	shinji kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on tuesday , to support children in areas hit by the japan earthquake . [ jakart ... #mufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	cats go in on jean shorts but ya let jtiii live with his class act jean buttoned up on selection sunday ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	for those not at cedar point on the 27th , be at #hallowfreakend ;) @USER legion ( 31775 grandriver ave farmington hills 48336 )
id1	id2	positive	None	happy to report kez has qualified for crufts for the 2nd year in a row :) .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we are all about to get an extra hour of sleep sunday morning ! daylight savings ends 2am sunday , november 4th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER is doing up st pattys in style tonight ! pears ’ pub ! special byob pub !! have fun !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	join us tonight at boston pizza - centre on barton for thursday night football ! tonight the chiefs take on the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ahead of tomorrow’s elections in vanuatu , what do the islanders want ? @USER finds out . #listen #raonair URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lucky man . i got my ipad3 when they 1st came out , upgraded from an ipad1 . awesome bit of kit . goes everywhere with me , can’t live without it
id1	id2	positive	None	fab day in #bristol today . now time for fish n chips from argus then off to see #looper , sat nights were made for this #nice
id1	id2	neutral	None	armin van buuren back to the 1st place on top 100 dj mag ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	overall , 22 batsmen has scored 1000-plus runs in 4th innings in tests , rahul dravid is the only manof those 22 who never out for zero ( 0 ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	s/o to the ones taking their ogt tomorrow , stay focused & get that bitch passed .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oct 15th @USER nation presents german wave vol1 , the best german mcs you never heard #run URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kim hyung jun - football team the 2nd a match at yeongdeungpo-gu daerimdong [ 12.10.27 ] credit : tlxhah #6 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you may or may not see this but if you do can i please get a rt/follow i love you !! #justsaying :)
id1	id2	positive	None	chelski want this so bad that it makes me even happier thinking we may beat them twice in 4 days at sb
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER dancing round mate . just shocking . you will have to try and find it on internet tomorrow . honestly bad bad bad boxing
id1	id2	negative	None	a florida player would never get away from a cop with pot and a gun in his car . michael dyer did - then got dismissed - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	jane was ever-so-smart on sunday’s #thementalist . great performance by owain too ! i like the new style adopted in season 5 . keep it up !
id1	id2	neutral	None	cme just sent notification they are closing equity futures/index markets monday 8:15 a and to reopen 5pm
id1	id2	positive	None	wondering what kind of recognition @USER will do of post- #sandy nyc at saturday’s rfk game against the red bulls . #mls
id1	id2	positive	None	day 3 of pssas ( state tests for 11th grade ) . test questions and sci scenarios vary greatly ; shouldn’t they be taking the same exam ? #pssa
id1	id2	neutral	None	#sexy #top #news eva longoria to appear with obama thursday URL #mustfollow qoo
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its for i love west leeds festival - going to be in pudsey park 29 , 30 , 31 oc t.t here are 15 boxes in trees for art trail x
id1	id2	positive	None	maroon5 and the cab make me crazy !!! when i went to see they concert on last monday . i love you guys !! \(^o^)/
id1	id2	negative	None	wish me lucky on the cahsee tomorrow i’m pretty nervous
id1	id2	negative	None	derrick rose , you eat pussy and break ya neck modasucka loll black friday @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	here’s your chance to meet jim rogers and milk bellafiore this coming saturday ! i have got the platinum vvip ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	starkville saturday ! i might just wear my ole miss stuff haha #not
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 31st birthday @USER the baddest female rapper in korea !
id1	id2	negative	None	btw fuck durant for going to the oklahoma game saturday !! you went to texas !!! #longhornforlife
id1	id2	positive	None	apple special event live bloganother always-exciting apple event ! join us october 23 as we update live from the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER terra madre on bachelor’s walk may fit the bill :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	on november 11 sprint to start selling the galaxy tab 2 with lte with a price tag of $549.99
id1	id2	negative	None	download fast ipad hd video player guide : do you have to shy away from looking to be whipped ? you may not see at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER why you wanna txt me on labour day and don’t txt back losah ??? i got an exam on monday morning
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think tomorrow when i get out of class i’m going to wal mart and buying apples , caramel squares , and razor blades to see the cashiers face
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rt ? in the last 2 days , ibanez & cano have combined for 3 hrs in the 7th inning or later before tim byrdak has entered the game .
id1	id2	positive	None	wow what a game the dodgers win in the bottom of the 10th by a walk off hr by jack kemp .
id1	id2	neutral	None	bing one-ups knowledge graph , hires encyclopaedia britannica to supply results : it may have retired from the cut ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#np going wrong - armin van buuren ... and i will live 2day n i will love tomorrow . no matter what is said or done . even if its going wrong .
id1	id2	neutral	None	karlie kloss & joan smalls take paris fashion week in the 1st episode of the new house of style URL ( via @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	unfortunately , owain is still feeling a bit under the weather , so tomorrow night’s show has been cancelled . we ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m gonna be failing dat hst test tomorrow , zoe better put her paper where i can see it ! #pleaseandthankyou @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	this sunday at nikki beach miami legendary oscar g once again bringing done the house ! last time we hit over URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oppa you back to seoul tonight because you can show in inkigayo tomorrow :( take care , i will miss you babe : * <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER examines the 4th disaster to afflict tohoku - a deep demographic crisis that has afflicted it for decades : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	wall street analysts are estimating atlantic city casinos may be down 10% for the year because of sandy URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m actually excited about starting my new semester tomorrow ... 2 more years . one step closer to my bachelor’s degree .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mom absent on mother’s day - hello , mother’s day 2010 fell on my weekend with my son . thursday prior , i asked the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	when it took the 4th division relying on heavy artillery 2 months to take baba amr from 500 guys in the al-farouq battalion ? @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	jimmy cliff - 06 - under the sun , moon and stars . mp3 mp3 download . music database , songs , video , file URL #music #song
id1	id2	positive	None	utah can take a look at colorado for motivation - the buffaloes were picked 11th last season and made the ncaa tournament
id1	id2	neutral	None	guess i’m talking to my grandparents about moving to fresno tomorrow ... leaving everything and everyone behind .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i felt like a kid last thursday ( 6 days ago ) . i walked into slackers , came out with 25 cds and wow ! i felt like i ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it’s good otherwise i wouldnt have come back ! it’s ok though , i’m off to the chateau marmont for dinner again tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s funny how i’m like the only 8th grader iconiac ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	we will have to think about continuing in upa : mamata : chief minister will take to the streets on saturday seeking ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i have to be up @USER to be @USER at 4 #fml had a good time at the grammy’s whitney houston tribute . sat 4 chairs away from bobbi kristina
id1	id2	positive	None	thursday fun for just a few pennies on april 12 with reflex rex , alice d & more + smoking toddlers & wednesday the rat ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	weezer - island in the sun , dashboard confessional - hands down #np
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER all four @USER chevys are running in the top five on lap 239 . #dalejr is 4th . yay
id1	id2	positive	None	yet another reason to come to the june 2 noche argentina milonga at calle ocho : we will have a fabulous ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	URL - this is why the bnp will never get elected . they may put on suits but what is behind them won’t be hidden , thank god .
id1	id2	positive	None	master gardeners are at the fall home & garden show through sunday at the expo center ! come see us ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you don’t want to slip up tomorrow , speak the truth today . -bruce lee
id1	id2	positive	None	omg i’m so excited for the colts vs . jags game next thursday ! #not
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER unfortunately , not yet . wanted to go to revenge at paleyfest in march , but couldn’t make it . hopefully soon . so happy for you ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think you can get them there for 50 ... the after party at center stage should be cool , chelsea may have another ticket for sale
id1	id2	neutral	None	this saturday !! @USER and @USER host cafe asia ! live on the radio at 10pm w/ @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this ! it’s great that kyocera and pantech are filling the gap , but ... @USER may want to consider physical qwerty : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im performing at the houston improv next wednesday open mic
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the massacre on march 11 in karm al-zaitoun was similar : 25 children killed with knives , 20 women : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mcilroy the agenda for topical debate : golf : rory mcilroy may be on a week off , but he remains in the news and at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	one fighting championship takes place october 6 at the singapore indoor stadium , this is gonna be an incredible ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	egypt have booked friendlies with russia and ivory coast on february 6th and 9th respectively .
id1	id2	positive	None	hey #gwu ! interested in a free ticket to the train concert tomorrow night ?! head to the smith center now to help us out with set up !
id1	id2	neutral	None	xyriel manabat promotes the value of conserving electricity in wansapanataym this saturday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the 6th edition was great too ! i traveled around 5 islands in vanuatu & new caledonia
id1	id2	positive	None	act tomorrow , then spending the day with my hunny <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	just checked airasia !! kuala lumpur to laos on 4th december , rm 99 !!! bhahahaha .. lalala . im sooo gonna buy it tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good deal . i’ll be in newport sunday w/ friends as well as the 17th in dayton !! #herestoanother
id1	id2	negative	None	beer , xbox , undertaker : the streak dvd . fuck you saturday night .
id1	id2	positive	None	it may not be a onesie but it’s super soft , has a hood and the best thing about it is it’s from imelda staunton ! so ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	some anonymous number sent me a group message about a party on hedley tomorrow lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	football : dons defeat @USER 33-20 . next game is sat vs . @USER in the dons homecoming game . kickoff at 1 pm #scfafootball
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you going to the lair tailgate on saturday ?
id1	id2	negative	None	about 400 bricks just cascaded from a building on 2nd between 42nd & 41st onto water system of hilton hotel / tudor hotel . scary
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER gerald green may have bounce , but he has no hangtime on those braids .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 26 i have sats on the first of december .
id1	id2	neutral	None	queen mary dark harbor this wednesday , who is in ? ( only of you’re going ) don’t waste my time please .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER sorry didn’t see it in time . jim will be at shoeless joe’s funder on thurs . interested ?
id1	id2	positive	None	flint , r u villa ?? join us for the grand opening friday , with club 93.7 ’ s lv and ricky burns !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	to jhb bok fans go through to orlando stadium to watch the #springboks train tomorrow from 3 - 4:30 pm @USER #bokke URL
id1	id2	positive	None	alan’s upper room father , may our hearts be filled with your love and your wisdom as we enter into this election ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL #monstermafia vs . the runaways from @USER last weekend ! we return in singles action nov 3rd ! we want a #rematch
id1	id2	positive	None	alaskan musher , 25 , youngest to win iditarod : dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tuesday even ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	do we have any shreya ghoshal fans here that would like to go to the concert on sunday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	trucking tomorrow in sylvia my scania ... hope this wind dies down a bit or it could be a bit tricky on the a66 tops ... #girlytrucker
id1	id2	positive	None	myrtle beach wednesday 2 showsss !!! first stop is for the visions of horror show !!! second stop is at the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	gerald green lmao my bestie said the having a gay party at a hotel saturday ... i laughed so hard ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	about to get this grind sesh in with the fellas !!! pro day on monday !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER shes good ! she turned a year old last month and shes going to peru with my mom on saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	i will be live-tweeting tomorrow’s minnesota wild vs . montreal canadiens game from the x ! stay tuned for in-game ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER apples are tasty , i’ll text you tomorrow then good plan
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember saturday night daylight saving time ends , set your clocks back one hour before you head to bed ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yg’s newest darling lee hi will make a debut on inkigayo this nov 4 ! show love vips ! @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	jason russell’s breakdown may is a result of the overdose of the red color . when i look at the kony signs i start to feel sick @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hyung jun oppa i love you
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yo ! see u in helsinki ( again :p ) december 14th yeeey ~ last time u were here with dio ^^’
id1	id2	negative	None	then i think to myself i can’t go to biola , ucla , and usc , and see them all&be back by the time i have to work tomorrow ... sorry guys ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER despite recent performances lets make sure 25k albion fans make amex a total noise cauldron on friday # nonstopsinging
id1	id2	neutral	None	so i may or may not be able to afford snsd’s new japanese album . >_< not that deluxe version anyway . maybe i’ll get the normal one .
id1	id2	negative	None	and bobbi kristina may possibly be the worst actress to ever exsist .
id1	id2	negative	None	emily murray’s @USER what cherie blair doesn’t understand about yummy mummies URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER marni introduced me to ’ friday night dinner ’ ... thats quality ! have a nice night my dear , i’m finally calling it in :) x
id1	id2	neutral	None	its this week ! catch kina grannis live in manila on wednesday , august 8 ! have you got your tickets yet ? :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	wish to clarify again ... the 1st question on no songs in a chiyaan film ... it was a tamil film , which won a national award also ...
id1	id2	negative	None	tracy mcgrady was an injury-prone scoring machine who couldnt get outta the 1st round . overrated .
id1	id2	positive	None	despite going off on saturday , it looks like ian bennett could be fine for wembley URL
id1	id2	positive	None	peyton siva and his gf sat next to me and @USER at church today . glad he came after fellowship haha , just joking ! #bbn
id1	id2	negative	None	not excited to take the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	community returns this thursday night at 8 on nbc . i saw it at paleyfest but i’m watching it again ! #anniesboobs
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER my mom literally just asked me that . but lets go to the game saturday & get taco bell before or after !
id1	id2	negative	None	i may or may not have freightened a large number of l.a. residents , merely by making eye contact with them in the past 48 hours .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER jay bruce on the first pitch from tim byrdak in the bottom of the 9th september 28 , 2010 vs . astros to win 3-2 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	south korea may be china telecom’s next foreign conquest : china telecom has entered the south korean market by e ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i dont remember the name but it’s a big award and snsd was performed gee or gennie , u may search google for that incident
id1	id2	positive	None	i understand that the saints d is terrible but manning is unreal . makes every 3rd down . impressive .
id1	id2	positive	None	casually eating dinner i hear 1d on tv playing so i run 2 c & then after de song it says uan is gonna playing on the 26th ! omfg so watching it
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday to @USER its already nov 2nd over here in korea ! see you soon (:
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER in case you’re curious , andy lee outscored all the nonqbs in my fantasy matchup . 2nd place : moorman . 3rd : larry fitzgerald .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i think i’m gonna go with brown i hate going with players on thursday even though i’m going with vincent jackson
id1	id2	positive	None	will make 120pcs of cakepops and 100pcs of chocolate lollies tomorrow , aja ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked a @USER video URL triumvirat spartacus 08 march to the eternal city
id1	id2	neutral	None	wbo featherweight champion orlando salido beat fighter gutierrez stopping him in the 3rd round saturday night in a non-title fight . #boxing
id1	id2	negative	None	kapan sih lo ngebuktiin , jan ngomong doang susah susah . usaha aja blm udh nyerah , inget . if you never try you’ll never know . cowok kok gentle bgt
id1	id2	positive	None	so the new ipad is 3rd gen , the 4th is ipad with retina display ? ha ha haaa .
id1	id2	positive	None	win a uk break for you and your dad with jurys inn hotels | the sun |fun|competitions URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i play horse against jordan farmar on sun for charity . working on my over the backboard shots today in the st. john bosco gym
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER not restricted to pm - look what happened to the mighty peter garrett . now a eunich . happy monday , glitter face .
id1	id2	neutral	None	in peru a single bush may contain more ant species than in the british isles . #fact
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER 3rd line minutes , you’re crazy . he’s going to be the sidney crosby of the british league ..
id1	id2	positive	None	disptaches from the tea room : this afternoon we hosted a gluten free feast for a lovely member of staff who is leaving tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	even tho . lakers are 0-2 i still believe they`ll be in that court on june against the celtics , or heat #idcwhatthehatershavetosay
id1	id2	neutral	None	coatbridge’s ricky burns will defend his wbo lightweight title against liam walsh in london on december 15 , it has been announced today .
id1	id2	negative	None	galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable | th URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks ! i still have m with me . she goes back to mother’s day out on the 6th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is going to be in tempe tomorrow ...
id1	id2	negative	None	im going to the fair tomorrow . fuck that , hahaha
id1	id2	neutral	None	would you fly on friday the 13th ? - yahoo ! voices - URL URL
id1	id2	positive	None	my fav all time r&b singer , maxwell , w/b @USER mgm grand , foxwoods casino on nov 24th !! i’m in love !! lol !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ya our game in hand is v bolton !!!. 6 pointer ha !.. playing norwich last game of the season !. #hopeless
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER went to watch em against fc gomel and sat in the kop and the atmosphere is insane ! and wen they sang nwa i had goose bumps lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	did u know that the official celebration of pi day ( mar 14 or 3/14 ) starts at 1:59 to represent 3.14159 ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	obama comes back to win 2nd debate with romney on points : ( agi ) new york - a more agressive barack obama forcefu ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	heavy fighting breaks out near the rebel stronghold of baba amr in homs as syrian troops begin a ground assault ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER they may have but he is down to nc state and baylor
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER and george , are you going to the paley tomorrow ??? i am :-d #yr1000
id1	id2	negative	None	cant sleep . full mind . watching the announcement for the 5th time ft . @USER #handsdown 1 of the most emotional sports stories ever
id1	id2	negative	None	ussdgate :) @USER galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if you listen to the industry .. it’s the last resolution you’ll ever need yet japan’s nhk was the 1st to demonstrate 8k in 2008
id1	id2	neutral	None	cameron says the uk is prepared to veto the eu budget : ( agi ) brussels , oct 19 - david cameron said the uk is pre ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER fuck rusko lol . laidback luke is here in el paso on friday , i could go since i’m so close ! haha , but i’m going home friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER spend your halloween night with us !!! movie night in morris hall ( phase2 ) !!! tomorrow !!! free food !!! games and movies !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER on the way to cornwall listening to you . by the way it is mothering sunday officially . love the music so far
id1	id2	negative	None	reminder - we will not be at the eastern market event for tomorrow night ... weather not cooperating ! see u thursday in farmington hills !
id1	id2	positive	None	ok , can anyone answer if when 1d will come to the philippines ? cause my cousin told me this dec . 21 and shes not sure . please answer me ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	maude barlow is coming to north carolina oct 18 . hear her talk about future of water in nc ! starworks center , star nc . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we’re getting ready for 1/2 way to st. patty’s day ! we’ll see you saturday , starting at 4 . the unlucky charms play at 9:30 !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER myself and owain are available tomorrow if you’re short , though as a duo if poss as he owes me a lift . #student
id1	id2	neutral	None	sweats again tomorrow ? math taks tomorrow ? i do think so , sweats it is !
id1	id2	neutral	None	schools in philly and delaware have already cancelled classes for monday and tuesday ... umbc will remain open the entire storm .
id1	id2	negative	None	need cough medicine and/or lemsips . may be critical if you want the gazette on wednesday ! anyone do deliveries ??? #dying
id1	id2	positive	None	love . esp 8 , 6 , 5 . @USER lebron & gerald green close the preason above the rim to lead the top 10 plays from friday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	god ... we get that mad man preview and now the boys are on radio 1 ... happy november 1st to the twfanmily
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m supposed to go to atlantic city on the 15th for a school field trip . doubt that will happen tbh
id1	id2	neutral	None	just had a guy come into the shop enquiring about a kyocera toner ... his name was paul kimber ... i knew friday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	come see us at the scottsdale home & garden show on nov 3rd & 4th at westworld of scottsdale . be the first to see the new holiday items !
id1	id2	positive	None	spotted ! dennis kucinich and wife on 17th and r ... as it often is his hand is resting on her , how shall i say it , derrier
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just took airtime , the new video chat service from start-up stars shawn fanning and sean parker , for a spin on tuesday , its first ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER might wanna check on me if we lose tomorrow ... might pull something similar to that kony guy in the streets
id1	id2	positive	None	special thanks to everyone for coming out to taboo tuesday with dst tonight ! it was fun&educational !!! :) @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow i’m going to be one of the runaways ..! #battleborn #thekillers
id1	id2	positive	None	if this guy can be happy ... there’s no reason you can’t happy friday eve ! talking billion dollar ideas and flava ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sweeney todd was incredible ! shame it finishes on saturday ! but imelda staunton was brilliant !!! as was michel ball <3 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	prayer at the top of tower on top of the hot springs tower mountain at 7:30 am tomorrow ! join us ! #sharefest2012
id1	id2	positive	None	divinetworks gets the green light from china telecom : beijing , june 14 , 2012 /prnewswire/ -- china telecom’s guan ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER this thursday’s msa meeting inshallah . check out the facebook event !
id1	id2	negative	None	i’ll blow up soon & not even remember a day before last june , june 14th , club paradise , to be correct .. the last day every thing seemed ok .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER it wasn’t tuesday it was the week before when nat and chidgey were arguing i was like oh gad
id1	id2	neutral	None	la liga : barca and betis march on , malaga held : real betis moved up to fourth in the table after salva sevilla’s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	eu presses boeing subsidies case at wto . the eu called thursday on the world trade organization to formally take up ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	london’s sweeney tood with michael ball and imelda staunton , will close sept 22 ; broadway transfer rumored
id1	id2	negative	None	dear gordon merchant , to quote peter garrett , may i just say , your dreamworld is just about to fall ... karma biatches !! suck my balls !!
id1	id2	positive	None	pop bottles , make love , thug passion . red bottoms , mon claire . high fashion [;
id1	id2	positive	None	october day 1 was good :-) goodnight taking the cahsee tomorrow . hope i pass :)
id1	id2	positive	None	help stop kony hes not dead ! washington , d.c. on november 17 please go and help get the president to get kony go to there website ! #kony !
id1	id2	neutral	None	jason russell @USER sets the record straight on @USER #nextchapter oct 7 at 9/8c #kony2012 #move URL
id1	id2	positive	None	european exchanges open with a slight rise : ( agi ) rome , october 24 - european exchanges opened with a slight ris ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	expecting to see kony stickers all over the school again tomorrow , they’re back and i have to go to the assembly with my global class
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt @USER #mariners drop cactus league game to the #whitesox 5-0 . return to peoria tomorrow to face colorado on @USER http ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	#nyc torn shoulder capsule for byrdak : tim byrdak , placed on the 15-day disabled list friday with left should ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER april 20th you guys ;) smash project special on myx idk what time tho @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER and then there are shows that durdle around between neat and terrible/generic the 1st season then get cancelled ( terra nova )
id1	id2	positive	None	the hunger games gets better every time you watch it ... ( this is my 5th time ) xd
id1	id2	positive	None	monday voodoo style inspiration- anna kendrick rocking the sheer hosiery ! love it x URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thilakan had given a reality check into the affairs of malayala cinema in ’ 08 - superstardom , national award et al URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hmm if this friday is the 28 then it’s away at seaholm . next home is hc :(
id1	id2	positive	None	#vote4urdayumself comedy show w/ @USER tomorrow @USER houston improv , 7:30 pm . free show ! get #register2vote or #pledge2vote to enter .
id1	id2	negative	None	jim rogers is also responsible for laying off 1,900 n.c workers in a state that has the 5th highest unemployment rate in the u.s
id1	id2	negative	None	my oenni keeps asking me whether i want any sj stuffs . she’s now in seoul and we’ll be back two days after tomorrow . osh so confused
id1	id2	neutral	None	xyriel manabat teaches the importance of generosity in wansapanataym this saturday URL ( via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday marks the end of daylight saving time . remember to turn your clocks back one hour before going to sleep ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rushers . get btr on saturday night live by tweeting @USER big time rush #snlmusic ! let’s make it happen ! #time4change URL
id1	id2	negative	None	aus skipper michael clarke and fast bowler james pattinson have been ruled out of thursday’s series- deciding final vs sl with injuries .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow for decade day , i’m wearing all black and being an oreo ...
id1	id2	positive	None	catch me tomorrow on @USER ; friday on @USER and @USER i’ll get you ready for daylight saving time !
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday nov 17th , 2012 q bar and grill is the place to be ! ufc 90’s event with special guests : dj bobby d ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	khaleda zia’s present india visit may have a bumerang effect on bnp . bd army will never compromise w/ the power involve in bdr mutiny .
id1	id2	positive	None	just laying here listening to ragnarok online music in the sun . yoko kanno makes great songs .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dallas defense has played good actually . and cuse was down 23-3 in the 3rd last night and won so
id1	id2	neutral	None	what youtube can learn from #youku ( just completed a merger with tudou , china’s 2nd largest video sharing site . ) URL #china
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out the live big band on sunday evenings . @USER wells resort hotel : URL #foursquare
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes , that’s what he wants to avoid . stay in us in feb , maybe play delray , then indian wells / miami .
id1	id2	positive	None	irg may be laughing all the way to the bank but usaid has done next to zilch for pakistani power consumers . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh yea by the way : #wetnwyde4 will be at club crucial 9pm saturday night 2535 e arkansas ln arlington , texas
id1	id2	positive	None	roger jones recommends sun is shining ( smoke out dubstep mix ) by bob marley . listen to it for free on deezer ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i think you should let rushers pick a date ! i suggest november 29 ! important day in rusher history ! who agrees ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	meet girl who got stuck in toilet at the leeds festival | the sun |news URL #teamgrimmy
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching a chuck close documentary with my cat on a friday night ; i am exactly who my students imagine i am .
id1	id2	negative	None	oh , vincent jackson , why must you play on thursday ? making my wr decision very difficult indeed . #fantasyfootballproblems
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER at the md home and garden show stop by today and tomorrow ... they have a fun interactive home theater URL
id1	id2	positive	None	monday 10th -geordie foam party with the geordie shore cast @USER nightclub . i sooo hope @USER will be there !! will u be there ??
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER welcome to europe vickie , see you on sunday in nottingham uk , looking forward to you dishing some dirt on cena and aj . xxx
id1	id2	positive	None	chilllin like a villian ! orono bound tomorrow with the best to be with the best ! @USER @USER #xoxoxo #love &cuddles
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have that appointment w/ the curator of the dallas holocaust museum tomorrow & kev just told me that it’s next to the book depository .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER this is the best i’ve seen from kpop with soshi as exception . but then again they may be really famous in korea
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER gonna be on a bus for hours tomorrow ... think i’ll get the cab pumping the whole way xx
id1	id2	negative	None	woah e news just insulted luke bryan . the video is called kiss tomorrow goodbye not kiss goodbye tomorrow idiots
id1	id2	positive	None	brentley is away tonight , i miss him ! but it’s nice to have a little break once in a while . sleeping all day tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	peyton manning uganda jordan farmar i can take it papi
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah , keeps my mind off of not having any hedley dates to look forward to . although my last day is december 11th at work .
id1	id2	positive	None	mccashin’s brewery won 2 awards last night in the deloitte fast 50- 1st in manufacturing and 3rd overall is new ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	deron had a cortisone shot on friday and said he is already feeling better . after sitting out today , he said he will practice on sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	never do business alone again ! learn how with women entrepreneurs of oregon at madison’s grill on tues , nov 13 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ed joyce talks of his immense pride at becoming sussex ccc captain in tomorrow’s argus and of being a team with vice-captain chris nash
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday night adult swim ( cowboy bebop + ghost in the shell ) reminds me how much i adore yoko kanno’s music . such an amazing composer .
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie rose with desmond tutu ; bill joy ( october 5 , 1999 ): the archbishop of cape town , south africa and nobel ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	hey , the 2nd worst baseball movie is on reelz right now . #stomachbleeding
id1	id2	neutral	None	one more movie coming your way this afternoon ( it’s a biggie ! ) -- and a couple notes on sunday’s the walking dead ... stay tuned .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER on july 1 could have been poy , won majors , won playoff events , won wgc , won fed ex cup , had most wins n season did none of it
id1	id2	positive	None	no matter who you are , most of the smartest people work for someone else . ~ bill joy , co-founder of sun microsystems . #quotes
id1	id2	positive	None	yea your mom is nice , i felt like i known her my whole life when we sat in the back of your car on our way to watch duelo . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	#unstoppable mt @USER @USER i can teach you the ways . i may be sidney crosby but you can be my james neal . both good looking .
id1	id2	negative	None	ahhh the next few weekends are going to be messy ! first off - this saturday : powder room at the gladstone hotel ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER , saw you in glasgow , loveeedd #dropdeadgorgeous please notice me , rt/follow , would mean loads if i got a follow xx
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi there vinny , i heard u’l be in wansapanataym this coming sat . and i am sooo excited to see you on t.v. , i love you vinny <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	have to go stand at the apple store like a right dork tomorrow to upgrade my recently purchased ipad3 for the ipad4 . sigh . #1stworldproblems
id1	id2	neutral	None	nikki beach miami next friday night for the all white affair , with @USER @USER --- tix at URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha of course ! there’s only one ian bennett ! not been back yet , looking forward to it but not till april !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	good news : snow reported in the cascades ! bad news : it is in washington state - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	getting ready for the maine archives and museums conference , tomorrow in orono . looking forward to connecting ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wait but e news just said its on sunday !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	sone_jai recommends last friday night ( t . g . i . f . ) by katy perry . listen to it for free on deezer ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	list of ceremonies and events for the first anniversary of the great east japan earthquake ( as of february 17 ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cuba with @USER for march break
id1	id2	negative	None	november 1 & i’m off beer until st. patrick’s day . i didn’t think i would be hitting the bourbon on day 1 though . rough day .
id1	id2	negative	None	these poor kids man ... junior nkwelle , tia sharp , april jones ... what if it wa your kid tho ..? :( :( :(
id1	id2	positive	None	guest teaching super saturday with kris gordon rocked ! @USER athletic club ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cherie blair is sat on our coach going to the games ! #olympics2012
id1	id2	negative	None	bears suffer a 2-1 loss at sdsu tonight URL next up - no . 4/5 ucla on sunday in los angeles #gobears
id1	id2	positive	None	just found out i’m going to the colts game sunday #daymade
id1	id2	neutral	None	snsd jessica ’ koon with a view ’ opening party oct 18 , 2012 girls ’ genera ... : URL via @USER yellow dress
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER bobbi kristina just favorited my tweet retweeted me and tweeted me all in the same day . she helped me to say hello 2 september
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saw the @USER #firesuit commercial during the break , couldn’t stop laughing . saw it 1st at the farmers display at lvms .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i got job interview with deloitte for this friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	looks like our english kaki at tnp missed the person for that wonder pass for mata 1st goal eden hazard !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy valentines day ! don’t end up where the sun don’t shine make sure to get your special someone that gift from hollywood tans !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	lg may update the optimus 2x to ics after all , releases source code : the saga of the elusive ics update for the ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER clinton , panetta , petraeus we will not #standdown on nov 6 or nov 7 or nov 8th . do the right thing now . #wewillnotletthisgo
id1	id2	neutral	None	also , just want to remind all our band folks the deadline is approaching submit to sxsw 2013- get it in by nov 7th ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	blessing may free mp3 download URL [ like it ? URL ]
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER has got dubstep , drum & bass , electro , moomba , and more every thurs at the new @USER weekly #bass #party
id1	id2	neutral	None	o’brien: #pennstate players came back monday ready to go . said he believes they and coaches have put ohio state game behind them .
id1	id2	positive	None	i always love meeting fans because they are the people that give me strength - kim hyung jun #2700dayswithss501
id1	id2	neutral	None	daylight savings is this saturday night ! so remember to fall back so you aren’t late to church sunday - it’s all saint’s sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	vote for which song you want to hear tomorrow at 6:30 pm ! btw , hedley will be here in town tomorrow night along ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	fellas were giving out mormon bibles in cit on monday , nobody took one . same on tuesday . today they tried to lure us in with sweets ...
id1	id2	positive	None	2012 may 29 | cure hemorrhoids - ratitng : check it , the nice : -it& #39 ;s unique : unlike 85% of the products in genera ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER still loving must see saturday . where else can you be victorious get a big time rush and learn how to rock . luved the episode .
id1	id2	neutral	None	attention !!! worldstarhiphop will be at #thefactory saturday ! also a few people will be leaving with they bills paid ! no tips ! just bills !
id1	id2	positive	None	the last 2 years serving jesus at karm on friday nights has taught me more about the message of the gospel than i learned in the 32 years b4
id1	id2	negative	None	espn’s chris mortensen reported that the #browns fear slb scott fujita’s career may be over due to a neck injury . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER since pittsburgh shows you love , give some back to the place where it all started and perform at allderdice’s prom on may 24
id1	id2	positive	None	wednesday’s nfl notebook : broncos ’ peyton manning says his injured thumb is ok : the tape didn’t wrap all the way ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	r . i . p kraig , i will never forget growing up & racing at #littletspeedway together <3 may the racing angels lead you to victory lane
id1	id2	neutral	None	jara bangla gaan valobasis , check out the album ’ mon kemoner station ’ by shreya ghoshal . amar to daroon lag6e ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	pop in to the gladstone hotel with mommy and strollers for free coffee and socializing mon-fri 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	peyton manning may have been in the calvin fitness center this afternoon #lookalikealert
id1	id2	positive	None	just got a craving for candy cane hot chocolate . is it december yet ?
id1	id2	positive	None	first song i luvd by the boys : moments , 2nd : up all night , uan album comes out : i wish , save you tonight , stole my heart , now : cant choose !
id1	id2	positive	None	oct 17 wulords performing live !! @USER in squirrel hill . if you love hip hop , you gotta be there ! the saga continues ...
id1	id2	positive	None	thanksgiving , christmas , st patrick’s day , memorial day , and july 4th are the only good holidays . every other one is stupid .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER is it true that mad man will be released on sunday ? :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER see you in manila on sept 18 ! check this out ! one of my shots from smash project in manila ! \m/ URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mom asked me do we wanna go swimming or to the carnival tomorrow ,
id1	id2	positive	None	URL who knows ? may be one day , eastern province become an independent state !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER until you throw undertaker vs underfaker at it . ;) thanks for the idea , i may try it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	may i be the first to remind you : daylight saving time ends this weekend . set clocks back at 2am sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to armin van buuren at tinker field - edc orlando in orlando , fl - nov 10 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER reggie wayne got rocked at the goalline sunday & the other team tried to help him up & he wouldn’t let them . thats what i wanna see
id1	id2	positive	None	happy how the capitol one cup results are coming through , we beat chelsea tomorrow and you might aswell give us the cup ? #mufc
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER sleepy already will just study hst tomorrow . huhuhuhu isang malig desisyon ba tong gagawin ko .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #happybirthdaysrk tomorrow will be nov 2nd in peru and we will all celebrate it ! :) hb my king , love you te amo URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nascar’s jimmie johnson wins for 7th time at dover : johnson , knaus and other crew members wore the wacky wig see ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone looking to go to a show !? we have several of them booked ! october 10th at the hoosier dome , october 13th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	be sure to come back starting october 23rd to help choose the nominees for the 2012 people’s choice awards lovatics !!! are you ready ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	lazy saturday afternoon , and there’s this couple lying naked in bed reading the encyclopaedia britannica to .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well i hope you turning up on the weekend . cause i get to york on the 16th (:
id1	id2	negative	None	mt @USER #syria , deir ezzor : mohammed al-saleh was martyred due to the shelling of the city . tuesday , 9 october . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if you follow @USER ill make you my famous oreo brownie on sunday !!! :d deal ?? xxx URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	naia walsh university is beating ohio state 23-17 with 7:15 left in the 1st half in an exhibition ncaa men’s basketball game .
id1	id2	positive	None	sun ce , throwing down with cao cao is serious business , better watch yourself #r3k
id1	id2	neutral	None	bahraini prince to visit gaza on thursday : a bahraini prince will on thursday make a rare trip to the gaza strip ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	are you a london area fan ? we’ll be taking me3 cosplayer photos at big ben tomorrow 11am - come out ! tweet @USER for details !
id1	id2	neutral	None	when do sofhmores have to be at the library for the ogt’s tomorrow ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	nov . 3rd 2012 kiss the ring : red bottoms and jays edition ... fadda blaze and kindy fatal bday bash @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	wonderful trilogy of chef-studio dinners - first one is tomorrow night with the chef from paley’s place . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jonghyun just tweeted ^^ on 9.39 pm ^^ 26 oct ^^
id1	id2	neutral	None	might be going to the spurs match on saturday
id1	id2	negative	None	since the high school’s dress code basically doesn’t let us wear anything , how many rules would i be breaking if i came in naked tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	how much pi do you need ? : you might have observed pi day on march 14 . it gets its name from 3.14 , the first thre ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	q2 13:00 . philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the new orleans 42 for 11 yards . 1st & 10 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	laroche launches a two-run shot off tim byrdak , extending the #nats lead to 5-1 over the #mets . his 17th homer of the season .
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey slackers ! tomorrow is the last day to register to vote ---> URL
id1	id2	positive	None	taylor kitsch is all i need .. yeah , see you tomorrow big guy . can’t wait for bieksa’s charity game
id1	id2	positive	None	calling #hu students - if you need a job nascar bar and grill is hiring . group interviews wednesday and thursday at 6pm . go get that money .
id1	id2	positive	None	the @USER rookie , john henson , will play in his 1st @USER game vs . the @USER on @USER @USER don’t miss it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	shreya ghoshal will be at the flato markham theatre for a one night engagement oct 9 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	elevate tomorrow is going to go offf ! make sure you are there to party with us ! 7pm , wgc , @USER preaching . boooy . #cityswag
id1	id2	neutral	None	just hung up with south florida @USER --- whose team will try to make the ncaa tournament for the 2nd straight year ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i think st patrick would be disapointed if you didnt get a snake up there for the next paddys day .. think its on a thurs too ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER really ? we always had to make stuff for mothering sunday at playgroup/primary school etc ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if you need a new one may i suggest calle ocho station ... international love station ... move shake drop ... etc #dale
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m weedless like iwd would say . availability tomorrow . scrapins tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	daylight savings is ending and you know what that means - an extra hour of sleep on saturday night ! this is our ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hanging with oomf tomorrow then saturday after i get off work (;
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think @USER and i were talking about saturday how cool it would be to perform bebop songs with yoko kanno in attendance .
id1	id2	neutral	None	chris rene : live & exclusive ! : x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomorrow , but ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	about 30mins left b4 we close the poll . who would u like 2 see on the dec cover of cleo ? kirsten stewart , nina dobrev or jennifer lawrence ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the boys will be filming a golf themed video tomorrow at the same hotel where tom cruise is staying at in london . via e news
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey philly , meet the berenstain bears tomorrow from 11:00 - 1:00 pm at the market + shops at comcast center URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ian bennett is responsible for the majority of my favorite music right now . thank you . i also think he may have deleted his twitter .
id1	id2	positive	None	safe travels to my bearcats as they travel to topeka for their game with washburn tomorrow @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	post edited : siri vs . google voice search- may the best robot helper win URL #review #siri #theidoctor
id1	id2	negative	None	only thing worse than sylvia finishing 2nd in wsop is dealing with selbst’s wrath for making that allin call .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we had to pick dates for 2013 vacation days from work today . i took off the friday before st pattys . #bg #bewarethegolfcarts
id1	id2	positive	None	why mulayam singh yadav’s samajwadi party may not dump the congress after all
id1	id2	neutral	None	taiwan court extends ex-leader’s jail term : taipei : taiwan’s high court said friday it has extended ex-leader ch ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	per @USER the capitol and capitol visitor center will be closed tomorrow ; tours , suspended : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so this means : moroka swallows vs supersport united . see you at orlando stadium on september 22 .
id1	id2	positive	None	if you like games the game on austin sponsored by sxsw gaming october 25 will be exciting . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	3rd day of taks test . hope i do good . lol
id1	id2	positive	None	can i just say that i love john mcbain aka michael easton ! welcome to port charles !!! but they don’t need to bring natalie ! #gh
id1	id2	negative	None	louisville’s peyton siva on the quality of the big east : providence is picked 16th ( sic ) and they smacked us by 31 last year . ’’
id1	id2	neutral	None	solido , costumbre , duelo , intocable with migz . 9th grade all over again #jammin #956
id1	id2	neutral	None	can you be a turkey trotter or other interesting volunteer positions for karm’s basket of hope on sunday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	what position groups do the new orleans saints need to upgrade most ? : problems may have to be fixed during the o ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jas needs to wake up already !!! i want her to come over and help me get ready for the math taks retest on tuesday ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	the damaged stores by the great east japan earthquake has gathered and build shopping mole on 9 jun in ishinomaki miyagi.it’s called(cont )
id1	id2	neutral	None	recording the 4th episode of @USER with kyle and tj tonight ! @USER vips will have it tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ole miss band is fired up for rousing verion of dixie next tuesday night-wanna sing it rachel ?
id1	id2	positive	None	so ... i may go play some me3 now ... mainly just trying to level up since i promoted all classes and the only ones above 15 are adept ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	excuse the connectivity of this live stream , from baba amr , so many activists using only one sat modem . live URL #homs
id1	id2	neutral	None	sharon stone gets ’ persuasive ’ at amfar gala : saturday night’s event at the permanente museum drew a mix of film ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER right , see if you get any oreo balls tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL if you didn’t make it on sunday , invisible children’s new film move ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy half way to st. patty’s day !! we are the only people at 7th celebrating ... where is the holiday spirit ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	decided to enter the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun , 10 mar 2013 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	a’s newcomer yoenis cespedes will make cactus league debut on saturday : by carl steward phoenix -- it’s finally ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	half off apps doesn’t quite measure up to b12 and calle mon , but it’ll do . @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	richard bland in contention for 1st euro tour title with a late birdie charge giving him a 1-shot lead midway through the italian open #fsn
id1	id2	negative	None	intimate showcase with chris rene - november 7 in auckland . can’t buy tickets to this . click the link to enter ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #billclinton was mr. miyagi tonight ! let’s see how danielsan ( obama ) does tomorrow ! #dnc2012
id1	id2	negative	None	well , i get to hang out at the smith center for 14 hours tomorrow . good night , tweeter . #fucklife
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m so hiao , i repeat the 5th time for the jonghyun’s solo , yeaaa , i love the useless shirt compared to shirtless , but same whattt xd
id1	id2	positive	None	cit is bludgeoning the feb-apr 2013 programme into shape . mighty things in store for visual artists , theatre makers , writers & more .
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to all the juniors tomorrow :)
id1	id2	positive	None	philippine star picked up the asap 2012 , wansapanataym and bottomline pr last saturday . hooray . :)
id1	id2	positive	None	come hang with us tomorrow at 1047 e . alameda dr in tempe ! show starts at 6 , and theres a keg so you best be there .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just registered to watch live webcast with former u.n. secretary general kofi annan at @USER on thursday URL #un
id1	id2	neutral	None	latest | myrtle beach tennis holds serve , advances to lower state final : on a chilly tuesday night , the myrtle b ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dfl get out the vote bus tour event with gov . dayton starts in 30 mins at state capitol . details : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER major dilemma .. do i start charles tonight or reggie wayne sunday ? messed up by teaching martin last thursday !! #help
id1	id2	positive	None	sharmeen obaid chinoy , we are proud of you , saving face , won at the 84th oscars in los angeles read more : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER would you be still in kyiv tomorrow’s morning ? we would be waiting for u near the hotel , boy .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m shmacked : st. patrick’s day at wvu to start my saturday off the right way .
id1	id2	neutral	None	byu head coach dave rose said after practice that he anticipates a different starting lineup for saturday’s exhibition finale v . findlay .
id1	id2	positive	None	see ya in victory lane jan 1 .. no more twitter vx your one of the best things in my life ... try not to be mean gbu
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #pumped to meet you on the 21st vs the #nyj with mike d . i’m a big fan of yours and of course the #pats . #isthisreallyreal
id1	id2	neutral	None	overexposed tour , maroon 5 with the cab : through the eyes of a drummer - as you may have heard , the cab just ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	highlight of the night - kofi annan will be speaking to us on sunday ! whoop ! #oyw
id1	id2	neutral	None	sky really need to think of the fans more asking albion fans to get to sunderland for sat lunchtime #wba
id1	id2	neutral	None	#soccer la liga : barca and betis march on , malaga held : real betis moved up to fourth in the ta ... URL #soccernet #espn
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER just be tryna hate on ma ’ 2nd babydaddy kirko bangz .
id1	id2	positive	None	i just liked a conversation with dr. neil degrasse tyson at the 28th national space symposium on vimeo : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	radio city will always be one of the most speical shows the jonas fans will remember .. it was the 1st show we had our boys back together
id1	id2	positive	None	i really want to hang out with oomf tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	then on saturday , we’ll host a scrimmage open to the public at 1:30 p.m. in comcast center . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER no drink the world - not even tea - can beat the taste and feeling of a first few gulps of a 1st beer when you really want it
id1	id2	neutral	None	studs on sunday - john henson , adam morrison - the bucks top to bottom-talor battle ( lac ) URL - also the all-stars/mvps
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i am leaving uni at 1 to get to albion then having to catch a 7am train to get back for the tuesday lecture .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#4 : casecrown omni cover case ( black carbon fiber ) for ipad 4th generation with retina display , ipad 3 & ipad 2 ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER lies ! i’ve been failing the math taks since like 6th grade man . :o
id1	id2	neutral	None	come watch us play tomorrow at the hoosier dome ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sounds good . so would queen’s birthday holiday and labour day holidays then be on the following tuesday ? it’s only fair
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER peyton manning was an absolute stud on sunday . he earned your vote for player of the week . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	international women’s day which fall on 8 march made an international author shared tips to all the women on what makes french women so good
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember folks . grabbed 3 more earnings plays today . celg , cme and hsy all calls for tomorrow !!! 5/5 for the week $cme URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so , i’ve pretty much decided to go to shoeless joe’s tomorrow for #argoslive . always more fun with other fans , right ? anyone else coming ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	world gold council releases conflict-free standard : the world gold council ( wgc ) published thursday the anticipa ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	’ what’s the date ? ’ normal people ; october 13th ? swiftie’s; swiftober 13th aaah it’s swift day !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ wto ] kmt’s representative to wto may have watered down all terms related to sovereignty in the report of the ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	don’t be too upset about the lack of football this weekend , the soccer game against seaholm is only a few days away ! tuesday . home . 7 .
id1	id2	positive	None	cao cao may have his zhang liao , but i can match him with my friend gan ning . - sun quan
id1	id2	positive	None	free pick friday was strong this weekend with ohio state #steelers , and #falcons getting the job done . enjoy #mnf ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	was totally looking forward to movies tomorrow :( oh well i’ll just have a naruto marathon at home by myself or something haha .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER y’all have the celtics on saturday . chalk that one up now . 0-2
id1	id2	neutral	None	spotify’s sean parker and daniel ek make music -- and some noise : the full d10 interview ( video ) at the 10th d : all things dig URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may have to move to cuba if he does
id1	id2	neutral	None	on radio786 100.4 fm 7:10 fri oct 19 labour analyst shawn hattingh : cosatu’s role in the context of unrest in the mining URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m going to visit pasrb , seb , spr and smb’s holes tomorrow for the #spookyminiputt !! hoping for some hole-in-ones !!! #gcwcc2012
id1	id2	positive	None	i am not rational when it comes to robert griffin the 3rd . i am a teenaged girl and he is my justin bieber . #iloveyourg3 - @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	who going to jouvert tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	idk bout your saturday but damn mine was the shit ... and i didn’t even got to jouvert
id1	id2	positive	None	as someone who hates the iphone , i’d love to know what the people at apple thought when they 1st watched samsung’s brilliant galaxy iii ad .
id1	id2	positive	None	the music is just so good . u_u yoko kanno is an amazing composer and may’n’s vocals , ahhh .
id1	id2	neutral	None	chris rene : live & exclusive ! : x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the sea ... URL #hollywood #news
id1	id2	neutral	None	news alarm : tim byrdak ( p - nym ) tim byrdak is going in for surgery with dr. david altchek in new york tomorrow . ( URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i’ll be in bilbao for few days from tomorrow . i’d like to book for two for the first of nov dinner . possible ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if spurs complete deals for dempsey and moutniho omd ! add that to the players they have , they may be better loool cant believe it
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER october is my bday month too ! michael easton should do it so i can get a bday hug ! lol
id1	id2	positive	None	sbs strong heart ’ goodbye leeteuk special ’ with sj , tvxq , shinee’s jonghyun & taemin will be broadcasted on november 6th , 13th ! cr : @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	the best event of the year is coming up ... alberta children’s hospital candy cane gala on december 6th ! proud supporter ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday mom ! 2nd round of music on the house , much love to the calle doce for the gracious hospitali URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	oomf today thought he can talk to me on some other shit wait til tomorrow lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	i hope allderdice sends us home early tomorrow because of the water problem
id1	id2	positive	None	center stage live , nov 10th . %%100%% truth . come party with us , eat with us , laugh with us and smile with us ... - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	play fair ben howland ... sean miller may be tough to keep up with cleanly , but lets all be gentlemen here
id1	id2	positive	None	great day in minsk yesterday with time in a nearby suburb-village . today we connected with some friends in grodna . heading to kyiv tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cool beans :) try and let me know by the end of the day ! 7pm , fri 22nd at moomba :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great read for a rainy sat am . i always have mixed feelings about in the upper room . ratmansky sounds interesting . thank you .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER my blues mates did the lot last yr , loved it . kyiv is immense place , may be going jan
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nigga saturday were going to a farmington hills party !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone want to take a ride with me to atlantic city tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i like the way my 69 year old dad stumbles across random film stars shooting #theworldsend in wgc while getting saturday paper
id1	id2	neutral	None	#favouritealbums bsb - black&blue ; b2st - just before shock ; thsk - five in the black ; maliq & d’essentials - 1st ; ra . d - realcollabo
id1	id2	negative	None	i just offered to bring someone taco bell for lunch tomorrow & they denied me #whodoesthat !? you should always accept taco bell ! #always
id1	id2	positive	None	taeyeon is leading 1st for best ost with 727,244 of votes while jonghyun with 642,791 votes . keep voting for taeyeon @USER now
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #hamont is great ! so much happening in the city . just started at msa in august URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the hustlevania video is going up on worldstarhiphop on sunday but u can check it out before that tomorrow #halloween #horrorsquad #bayarea
id1	id2	neutral	None	#mrtony 10/ 29.2 : cascades - rhythm of the rain . all songs today , tomorrow , and forever for #sandy . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER daylight savings ends saturday , so that’s where the extra hour is coming from . follow @USER for more details . #toonami
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER she sat there this morning when levi picked up her shirt and then lifted her paw to show she wanted to wear it today lol .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh my god ! nah man ! luckily its not until this saturday :) think someone said to me its the nickname for st patricks day ? o.o
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to gary wilson of wgc playing in the volvo matchplay competition at bristol & clifton gc on thu 25 october .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jordan farmar URL may contain nuts ! i got laid last night bc of it
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was dreaming when i was reminded that i have to take the act tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want a 16th birthday like my super psycho sweet 16 with extra pyscho .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER bummed we don’t get to see arrow until saturday because of the chicago bulls game .
id1	id2	positive	None	baby colton is a saint bernard !!! i may have the cutest godson in ze world !!! @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i want ( and above all i need ) to see spring breakers . i’m slowly dying because of waiting it to be released . please , release it tomorrow ,
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER for me ? and a nissan titan ? its got to be loaded . and i got to have a sun roof . and i want a black or white one .
id1	id2	positive	None	welcome to airasia ... how may i assist you ? :d #pakesuarasuperngebass
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will be coming back from orlando stadium on sunday . so might just catch second half at home . but #cfc fans watch at keg + filly .
id1	id2	neutral	None	see you at the houston improv , tomorrow , 9/25 , national voter registration day for a free show - vote for your ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	come on iona just cancel class for tomorrow already
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you don’t want to slip up tomorrow speak the truth today -bruce lee
id1	id2	neutral	None	golf video : masters champ & ryder cup cheerleader bubba watson lands in china for the 1st time & reflects on year URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	( correction : tohoku appears in the 2nd mix folder for encore extra stage only , not extra stage . )
id1	id2	neutral	None	on thursday , concealed-carry gun license holders will be given a new right in the state of oklahoma : the ability ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 22nd birthday to the cuddy peyton siva aka pey pey !! #fumatubloodline #allstar #golouisville
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER do you know when you guys are going to tempe the 2nd or 3rd week ? have to claim my parking spot !!! lol
id1	id2	positive	None	having complimented peter garrett yesterday for his suit , i fear he’s worn the same one today . hope it’s the 2nd pair of pants . #qt
id1	id2	neutral	None	via @USER don’t forget this weekend is the end of daylight saving time . set you clocks back 1 hour sat night when you go to bed . e
id1	id2	positive	None	october 29th 2012 : neil degrasse tyson & michio kaku launch a covert mission deep into the heart of italy to rescue incarcerated scientists .
id1	id2	negative	None	i miss old school dashboard confessional , taking back sunday , senses fail , early november , and the used . #middleschooljams
id1	id2	neutral	None	milton on bolton wanderers 2 v 2 leeds united , sat nav free night . : how milton manages to write so much about su ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	there’s a great big beautiful tomorrow : URL via @USER when you are feeling down remember this song it makes me smile
id1	id2	neutral	None	daylight savings time is this sunday november 4th . first alert wants to remind you to change your ... URL #sweepstakes
id1	id2	positive	None	her is a chevy spark in dons favorite color . i may joke , but this color sells out as soon as the dealer gets ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	diop sisters project reach out in the sub on thursday , november 1st at 7:00 p.m. come volunteer to be a mentor and help the girl scouts .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER okay sweet , sorry to be a bum ! have a good evening tomorrow , nit said she’d be up for a drink in the week aswell :) x
id1	id2	positive	None	localiez magazine sep/oct issue featuring the bachelor’s jessie sulidis is up and ready to be read ! have a puruse ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER photo with marni and nic if you have won with steve i may lose it haha nah just kidding love your tweets tad jealous lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER one day week for this guy . killers tonight , golf with cameron tomorrow #lovely
id1	id2	positive	None	aye @USER yo 3rd round was really ah definition of ah muthafuckin body like usaid ... kmsl that the best ending ever
id1	id2	positive	None	me3’s multiplayer has totally sucked me back in thanks to tuesday’s update . brilliant dlc , even before you factor in that it’s free .
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m ready for saturday kenan stadium is going to be loud and proud for the tarheels you ain’t ready elon #tarheelnation
id1	id2	neutral	None	standing by to watch the apple special event live : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the best and the worst ... : the best day of willard mitt romney’s life will be thursday when after 7 years of cam ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ugh ! why must the 23rd be on a monday ? now i can’t fangirl on directioners day , but instead go to school .. i know , sad life .
id1	id2	positive	None	october 28th is youth sunday at the upper room full gospel church ! we invite you to join us on sundays at 11am ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	moving in tomorrow . go tesco near me ... and all the takeaways , bars and dmu gym is like just there . no more excuses for me tho . #teamgetfit
id1	id2	neutral	None	three sleeps till the bold , black and beautiful iwd lunch on thursday . who else might be going ? #boldblackbeautiful
id1	id2	neutral	None	my radio show tomorrow at 8 am on wpit 73 am . had calls from neb and fl , so call the show from wherever you are even africa 1.412.333.9748
id1	id2	neutral	None	the west bank may be looking to cut the gaza strip loose in its talks with israel . rumors are flying of an israeli/west bank state ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow , september 13th 8pm-midnight cafe asia , link to buy a ticket if you’re interested will follow this tweet
id1	id2	positive	None	-- i’m already excited for winter jam , and it’s all the way in february !
id1	id2	neutral	None	does anyone have an invitational at marshall for volleyball on the 6th ?
id1	id2	negative	None	barcelona’s carles puyol out 8 weeks with dislocated elbow suffered in champions league win tuesday
id1	id2	positive	None	the boys started rehearsing ? reminds me of alive ina 2nd day’s fantastic baby rehearsal :( vips went crazy outside , sang along together
id1	id2	neutral	None	miley cyrus with employee of hollywood tans ( 11th & walnut ) after tanning there wednesday night . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	2pac , june 16 1971 - september 1996 . biggie smalls , may 21 1972 - march 9 1997 . r.i.p to the best rappers .
id1	id2	neutral	None	richard bland ppl why are you guys going back tomorrow if we don’t have classes monday
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER :d sure are ! we are playing the lair on dec 1st with heroes for hire , masketta fall , forever ends here and wstp :) come !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone fancy the boxing in december ? ricky burns & george groves fighting . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	more bad news . we turn clocks back on sunday . daylight saving time ends . may make it worse in northeast . another benefit from #sandy .
id1	id2	positive	None	red foo ( lmfao ) & the party rock crew are going to rock the singapore indoor stadium on november 5th ! who’s excited ? :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	wbb | byu leads the way with three preseason all-wcc selections : 7th-year senior @USER junior @USER and sophomore lexi eaton .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow is men & women’s day !!! are you ready ??? men’s day @USER am with rev . isadore edwards & women’s day ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	shannon leto wins the indie category of the 17th annual drummies ! - URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	prep football : brighton and northglenn put on their track shoes friday night ... and the bulldogs outran the norse 69-48 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my passion : nhk announces hosts for the 63rd annual kohaku uta gassen - chychytcuit : on october 16th , nhk ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i sat with peter garrett once in business class . that’s my story .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tomorrow is directioners day ! i want to let you know ! please follow me ! i love you so much and i love 1d ! i am a huge fan !
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you are in helsinki and is going to skiexpo on friday or saturday look out for this t-shirt . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday august 18 will be texas two step with our scrimmage beginning around 1:15 p.m. at gregory gym . doors will open at noon .
id1	id2	positive	None	palm sunday flo rida URL is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it
id1	id2	neutral	None	monday’s daily cask is india pale ale with cascades
id1	id2	negative	None	andy lee punts it down to the 14 after crabtree couldn’t come up with grab on 3rd down .
id1	id2	positive	None	november 1st , entire italy is taking day off to celebrate my birthday ! :) it’s ognissanti ( all saint’s day ) , and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’ve to be in st mary’s next thurs for dmu at 9.30 , what time will i need to leave the boro at ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i promise when i get back from charleston sunday i promise you we will do something monday @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	be at ten thousand villages this thurs 4-8pm . choc tasting , henna tattoos , and proceeds go to support refugees in the triangle !
id1	id2	positive	None	all about eden hazard for #chelsea’s 5th goal great through ball 5-3 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	yet another pb today in race out by cit . this time at 10 km distance . finished in 51.27 . finished with races now until half marathon in dec .
id1	id2	positive	None	in manhattan ? please bring food/batteries to the #homeless residents of @USER rfk apt @USER east 13th st #sandyvolunteer
id1	id2	neutral	None	its going down on friday at eko hotel @USER will be live in lagos ... performing at the summer jam fest .. have you gotten ur tickets
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER december a candy cane to get us all in the christmas mood !!! #tiyft
id1	id2	neutral	None	federal reserve sticks with stimulus : the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday , deciding to st. .. URL
id1	id2	positive	None	join us tomorrow from 9.30 am to cheer on fundraisers abseiling down the jurys inn @USER to support visually impaired people in derbyshire
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER really may be the best heel @USER has had since undertaker back when he kidnapped stephanie mcmahon !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just realized im retaking the cashee tomorrow -.-
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you know only four batsmen has scored 1500-plus runs in 4th innings in tests : tendulkar 1590 , rahul dravid ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	chief minister follows up on restoration work : restoration of the damaged side of the anna arch began on wednesday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	don’t forget some money for school tomorrow if you would like to purchase kony 2012 gear ! #invisiblechildren #kony2012
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER friday night lights ? it’s a tv show . set in texas about american football . only watched it for taylor kitsch really .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER a few speculating that the 3 had heat/power issues & 4th gen resolves this . but i have heard nothing around these probs on ipad3
id1	id2	positive	None	we will be starting off the night tomorrow for laidback luke and gina turner hope to see you all there !! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch a live video stream of the special event online or via apple tv starting at 10:00 a.m. pdt . ---> URL
id1	id2	positive	None	get your growler from @USER and fill it up with pennies by june 22 ! URL #yyc #charity
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER okay then . that is where i would start . i have good experience with book depository so i may get your books soon .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i would do almost anything to not have to take the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER take care and blessings , and tell hyung jun that you take care after a game , i saw him on that day very water wet
id1	id2	neutral	None	it is happening in tsumeb this week till saturday when gazza will be the main man . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited tomorrow 1d’s little things music video will be down it’s like 1 day to go .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER jan , i just spoke to joe zellner & smb team , they are fine . we even had two couples who went ahead with their weddings today :) .
id1	id2	positive	None	i want to watch naruto the movie so bad please anyone treat me first i’ll pay you back this coming monday i swear
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i sincerely thank you and may you have a splendid day old chap . and remember no good story ever start by drinking tea !!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER loads from sb ; talks with chester continue ; no deals 4 out of contract players ’ til jan ; dev t roth , coops to chest’ld #hcafc
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m taking the cahsee ( i’ve never taken it bitches so stfu ) csu & uc applications are in progress , and i’m taking the sat saturday . fuck -.-
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is that liam walsh that’s going to be fighting ricky burns on dec 15 ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to teengirl fantasy at le botanique in bruxelles - brussel , belgium - oct 18 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	galaxy tab 2 10.1 coming to sprint with lte on november 11th : good news for sprint customers in the mark ... URL #mobile
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great !! my panel will take place the 20th around 10.30 am . it is about free tools with deezer and bandpage .
id1	id2	negative	None	it’s not ben howland’s fault that reeves nelson has self control issues , and there’s no way he gets fired with the recruits he has coming in
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ooo , yes ! i submitted umd on sat ., umbc on sun ., before the storm ! 2 down , 4 more to go :d @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	ucla says howland will return for 10th season - ucla announced tuesday that ben howland will remain on the job as me ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	christian hernandez , 2014 catcher out of doral , fl had the key hit for cfbl blue today . down 1 in the 7th inning ,... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	seriously , the sat is just the taks on steroids .___.
id1	id2	negative	None	what will see tomorrow ?? mad face ?? bitter face ?? screw you people .. we’ve paid to see his happy smile !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	bing one-ups knowledge graph , hires encyclopaedia britannica to supply results : it may have retired from the cu t-t hroat world of pr ...
id1	id2	positive	None	yg’s newest darling lee hi will make a debut on inkigayo this nov 4 ! show love vips ! meanwhile please dont forget to vote for mama2012 !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to bed early tonight ! pssas tomorrow , then the walk , then track and later basketball . #needssleep #goingtobealongday
id1	id2	positive	None	i can’t wait for tomorrow nd all th fun i’m gonna have with my bf at queen mary :) nd i can’t wait til wednesday my birthday :) halloween
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER retard you don’t take hspa until march cause you’re a jr
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes , i can set one up on posterous tomorrow if you like ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	picnic tomorrow for international women’s friendship month with my date @USER :d #kd
id1	id2	neutral	None	i am at h.b. stewart arena for tonight’s 5a-west showdown - siloam springs and greenwood . b/g games have implications for top of standings .
id1	id2	negative	None	i can’t find my school uniform , guess i’m going in naked tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember to join the springboks at 3pm tomorrow at orlando stadium to watch their open training session as they ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	xyriel manabat promotes the value of conserving electricity in wansapanataym this saturday URL ( via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	eff that going to france for march break to see my fam and going off to paris , reims and monaco #travel #addict
id1	id2	neutral	None	pass interference . robert griffin the 3rd . automatic , 1st down . #steelers .
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday evening uplift ? neil degrasse tyson on the most important thing to know about the universe : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just for clarification , spock is referring to time travel in that quote , it might be possible by gingrich’s 16th year in office .
id1	id2	positive	None	as my mom said , i shouldn’t be bitter because thsk will always hold the honor and prestige of being the 1st korean group to perform in tdome
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER haha edge is my 2nd favorite wrestler all-time to hbk . so it’s worth it for me
id1	id2	neutral	None	la : my friend has 1 extra ticket for the new normal panel at paleyfest tomorrow evening ! if you want to tag along , please dm me ! no weirdos .
id1	id2	neutral	None	when i read about possible severe thunderstorms , i see imelda staunton as umbridge saying , these thunderstorms may be * giggle * severe .
id1	id2	positive	None	this sunday is daylight savings time so you better not miss school the next day for missing the time setting party
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lol remember the 1st time we ever met with nabeel when we reached that jam
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER he said tomorrow is zac brown friday ! so glad my cord got broke ! @USER #hejustlovesthebeards
id1	id2	positive	None	hoping that sb’s 2013 planner is as pretty as the 2011’s . it would be out starting tomorrow . will check it frst before collecting a sticker .
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL - have you heard of the 39 steps ? a sneak peak of the national award winning play . this saturday at music academy !
id1	id2	positive	None	ask me about the food expo- abj food festival at the eagle square abuja 7th- 9th dec ’ 12 . rock bottom prices on food for the festive season !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER emilyyy !! can you please message natasha 289 404 8963 and tell her to be at calle 62 tomorrow at 2:30 ill wait there , thanks
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes conan ! quick answer the door !! it’s willard mitt romney’s 6th son , and he wants equal time !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	it was weird seeing robert griffin the 3rd and justin tuck playing football and not eating subway sandwiches
id1	id2	positive	None	the happy nasa video as #curiosity landed = nerd equivalent of the live feeds of bubble teams making the ncaa tourney on selection sunday
id1	id2	negative	None	i always thought michael dyer & isiah crowell would play a big game in nov for a conference title . just didn’t know it would be the swac .
id1	id2	neutral	None	en uan : see the sun en lwwy : see the sun y ahora todas las directioners see the sun por little things- ori
id1	id2	positive	None	congratulations aishah on passing your driving test 1st time at the mitcham test centre , with our driving ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if ur going 2 #sdcc , get 1st look at michael easton’s new graphic novel credence , booth no . 4401 . exciting news !
id1	id2	neutral	None	mitt : i want unicorns . and to regrow dinosaurs . i want 25/7 st. patrick’s day . and every month is march . #ohwaitthatsmydreamwishlist
id1	id2	neutral	None	i think imma just go tomorrow cus iona feel like being bothers at all !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the announcement ! august 24th and 25th , the all star monster truck tour invades the garland county fairgrounds in ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i want one @USER who’s wants one , chris rene tshirts @USER 18th tmrw !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER snow is normal in the northern half of the state such as flagstaff ! i just met with u.s. senator @USER july 16 here !
id1	id2	negative	None	saudi security forces opened fire on shia protesters in the tense qatif district of eastern province on friday , detail URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rory will miss the wgc event in shanghai . flies to sofia after exhibitn match with tiger tomorrow , to watch caroline wozniacki in tournament
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER goodnight april all the way from vanuatu , the south pacific ! #1love
id1	id2	neutral	None	#google #hot #trend eva longoria to appear with obama thursday URL #teamfollowback gdnews
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER listening in orlando ... headed to see zac brown tomorrow . love the station ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i don’t play , but it seems like people want the same game each time- it’s the 6th one ! just like the dumb me3 ending thing .
id1	id2	positive	None	love given by the triple s have been encouraging me to try and do the best in everything - kim hyung jun #2700dayswithss501
id1	id2	positive	None	the 23rd caller is going to win the tickets to see nero at the hammerstein ballroom next saturday . call now !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	i don’t want saturday to get here . but i’m ready to bomb #allregion in hot springs , sooo ... might as well get it over with .
id1	id2	positive	None	just got off the plane and hopped on marta heading to see xavier rudd at center stage . yeah c’mon!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thx for following #econokit - you may like to use #bizikent and rt/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk
id1	id2	negative	None	nearly 14-minute mark in the 3rd quarter before michael dyer is mentioned on the clemson-auburn telecast . many bets lost on the under .
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out the new fall tv at paleyfest tomorrow ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	working on guitar-vocal harmony with @USER next rooster beat concert will be great , 10 november on la draga - deusto ( bilbao )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the very same ! planning to tweet from the next dons game on saturday .
id1	id2	negative	None	who are the danger men newcastle utd have to look out for on sunday against west brom ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER dude , it was sad saying goodbye to the ph last night . i’ll always remember my 1st st pattys when we stayed up all night ...
id1	id2	positive	None	no classes til monday ... coming to myrtle beach was so worth it
id1	id2	negative	None	don’t wait til the last minute to book your booths and get tix for soundboard on march 11th ... you will live to regret it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey peasant are we going to helsinki on saturday with the other peasants ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	’ the announcement ’ may be the most emotional documentary i have ever seen . magic johnson is a hero and an icon .
id1	id2	negative	None	we 10th cuz the acc is garbage . big east has tore them up all year
id1	id2	negative	None	it’s only the 4th minute but eden hazard already knows he made the wrong decision , hehe #mufc #bplonfox
id1	id2	negative	None	and that’s excluding all the spin-offs . terra nova wasn’t great , but i’d rather watch a 2nd season of that than more fraggin ’ kardashians .
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m so glad my boss scheduled me till 11 on the friday night before sats #thankyoubitch
id1	id2	positive	None	here is a classic ... reminds me of the show i am going to on monday stranded presents krautrock legend , moebius ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	holi ... cuantas on ? para volvernos crazy , crazy , crazy till we see the sun xx
id1	id2	positive	None	this week’s #tweetpic66 contest is tweeting a picture with a mario lemieux signed item ! winner chosen randomly friday at 2pm !
id1	id2	neutral	None	we get together ... so we can get it together ! join us for a women’s day celebration on dec . 1st !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	we shot @USER in the hall on friday . the full story is out in saturday’s argus . #mystery #n URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	here is the 3rd and last part of our paris fashion week ss13 street style report ... URL #streetstyle
id1	id2	neutral	None	us government proposes law making it illegal for them to kill you : last friday , us congressman dennis kucinich i ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	oh i wonder if @USER is doing a booth in northglenn for the 4th of july ! gotta make sure people know the power of poutine ! lol yum
id1	id2	negative	None	lfctv just showed downing’s goal vs fc gomel , why can’t my man score them all the time , prob won’t even make the squad tomorrow :(
id1	id2	negative	None	this is really going to hurt virginia tech on selection sunday
id1	id2	negative	None	mrs arrested 4 streaking @USER judge gave her 2nd place with her puppies but said her afghan could do with a trim
id1	id2	neutral	None	#colts reggie wayne should have a big #ppr #fantasyfootball game versus #titans , allowed 3rd most catches with 186 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	well done to the deloitte #2012bctwf winners appearing in the sunday times . #virginactivesa , #miway and #strate are the best employers in sa
id1	id2	neutral	None	daily mobile news : lg may update the optimus 2x to ics after all , releases source code URL #smartphone
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #breakingdawnpart2 the saga may end but the love and friendships will last 4ever #loveislouderthanrollingthefinalcredits
id1	id2	neutral	None	brokenhearted karmin | format : mp3 download ( 5)release date : may 8 , 2012 download : $0.25 ( visit the hot new rel ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	got my tickets , see you tomorrow chris and levi ! time to #mosh URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER - you know what the holidays alright went hilton hotel with the girls on sat had a laugh and that what about you
id1	id2	negative	None	i think those that care about newcastle utd . really need to stop this happening . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i would like to fast forward to friday when i’m at the singapore indoor stadium !
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m about to just tweak in make up hspa tomorrow , these mofuckas failed me for english by two points .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dst is saturday night/sunday morning ?? gotta be in the club for that extra hour .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i wanted to come to york with you guys on sunday but i’m working !
id1	id2	positive	None	soccer-la liga top scorers : oct 29 ( infostrada sports ) - top scorers of the la liga on monday 13 lionel messi ( b ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	do you own a nissan titan in mesa , jim click wants to be your one stop automotive destination . visit us at URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#michiganbasketball #1 overall seed in nit season tip-off & will host the north regional at crisler center beginning november 12th vs . iupui
id1	id2	neutral	None	wait spring breakers is coming out march 5th ... is that a worldwide release date or only in the us ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	taylor swift attends the paris fashion week at espace ephemere tuileries . [ 3 oct ] URL
id1	id2	positive	None	holy shit no class til monday i love you iona !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	assad continues to bombard #homs , 4 the 17th consecutive day , mobile ntwrks off 4 the 4th day , mjr battles around baba amr #syria
id1	id2	positive	None	today i am goin to a garden centre with my mum it’s jst a part of my crazy lifestyle rt if ur cryin with jealousy c’mon u r x xx xb
id1	id2	neutral	None	then he texted that their first conference game was ohio state nov 28 ... uh ohio state isnt in the acc buddy
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol i had it , hv to look for it again , but it is usually first week of march right before the indian wells event in march .
id1	id2	neutral	None	as roma announce that midfield maestro de rossi will hold a press conference in the eternal city , at 3pm tomorrow . #mcfc
id1	id2	negative	None	the specialist , w/sly stallone & sharon stone is on g4 . lasting memory : 1st & only movie i feel asleep watching in the theatre . #badmovie
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER going to laidback luke next saturday going to be amaziiingggaaa ! haha
id1	id2	positive	None	happy hunger games ! and may the odds be ever in your favour . ~ suzanne collins , the hunger games #quotes #bookquotes
id1	id2	neutral	None	4th & 5th graders-join michael ball for acolyte training , following the 10:50 am service on sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	free $50 visa card give away at villa sneakers in genesee valley mall at 10am with club’s 937 ricky burns and lv sat 20th | ...
id1	id2	positive	None	if you uploaded videos from kina grannis ’ concert last wednesday , send us the link so we can share it with everyone else ! happy sunday ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	unc will allow you to get a 2nd degree in bachelor of science in clinical laboratory science URL
id1	id2	positive	None	katy gallagher just so much more intelligent and gracious than zed . may not vote for her party , but respect her as chief minister . #actvotes
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you may not see this but you should follow @USER shes cool ! she’s a huge iconiac you a should follow her and make her day
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER going hurricane fly crazy with a 2/1 price on the fly to win the champion hurdle at cheltenham ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	as vanuatu gears up for tomorrow’s national elections , what do the people want from their leaders ? 10pm mel , port vila
id1	id2	negative	None	i was yelling at siri cause she wouldn’t understand what i was asking her so she played there’s a great big beautiful tomorrow from wdw xd
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think a trip to the good old orono on the 17th or 18th would be a fab idea :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m performing at this benefit with @USER tonight mike d is djing as well gonna be fun ! URL #lefooding #benefit
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes , enlightening . because brentley is emitting light like the sun ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	soundboard came today ! tomorrow is set it up and see if it all works day lol . if all goes as planned i’ll be streaming 24-7 soon !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want gatekeeper to dj every event i go to . from here on out @USER street entry for teengirl fantasy w/ @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hector gomez / gomez left the team’s cactus league game thursday after running URL #mlb #col
id1	id2	negative	None	adam schefter needa go’on get chris mortensen ass outta here . mort just mumblin ’ stumblin ’ fumblin ’ every single sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	claytons practice chat sessions 7pm fri & sat this weekend in @USER forums new chat room . very relaxed . join us ! ( if you’re a claytoneer )
id1	id2	neutral	None	#hamont council of can chair maude barlow hits road to speak on protecting the great lakes ; 8-city tour will see her in ham may 16
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to my cousins 16th birthday party today then semifinals tonight game 2 for cereal killers , game 3 for slackers
id1	id2	negative	None	trey burke suspended for the men’s basketball team’s exhibition game tomorrow : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	as biggie smalls once said , we’re going going , back back to kali kali ... see you wednesday kal ... you better be ready to throw it down .
id1	id2	negative	None	galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable URL #gaffaw #fb
id1	id2	neutral	None	kyocera solar power generating systems help the maldive ... : kyoto , japan , jun 13 , 2012 ( business wire ) -- kyoce ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ddo you think ill have sats tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	smbiz feed --> 5 recently added entries in the encyclopedia of life : the encyclopaedia britannica may have cease ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow come and hear @USER debate navigating the new higher education market 5.30 pm , jurys inn #cpc12
id1	id2	neutral	None	starting my day of awesomeness by seeing taken 2 with steph and mike d . then going food shopping and to monday night football
id1	id2	positive	None	vincent jackson limited in monday practice estimates , fantasy value just fine for thursday : tampa bay buccaneers ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will i see you at paley tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	we are delighted to have bene asked to play with the slackers in whelans on august 7th ... a great way to round off the rebellion weekend !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	i mean i have to take the ogt tomorrow so why not stay up all night ?
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to all the people taking the ogt’s tomorrow ! #stayfocus #eatup
id1	id2	neutral	None	post edited : siri vs . google voice search : may the best robot helper win URL #review #siri #theidoctor
id1	id2	positive	None	pop bottles make luv ( thug passion ) red bottoms , mon clare ( high fashion )
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember our screening with members from invisible children is this wednesday , september 12th from 7 to 815 pm at culler hall 046 for free !
id1	id2	positive	None	maybe tomorrow i’ll get my arse in gear , go check out the thrift store and stop in at the lair .
id1	id2	negative	None	michael clarke and james pattinson ruled out of tomorrow’s third final . big blow for the hosts . #cbseries
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you sign up for a #gainconference workshop tomorrow ? be sure to check in at registration first , in the yerba buena center for the arts
id1	id2	neutral	None	neil degrasse tyson - dream of tomorrow : please sign the petition to double nasa’s budget to a penny on ... URL #atheism
id1	id2	neutral	None	yahoo ... down 22 lbs ! once i’m in the gym 3-4 times a week after the 19th of november , the weight should drop off exponentially !
id1	id2	positive	None	got called up to the big leagues for next thursday’s nfl contest between the jags and colts . here’s to new contacts in the industry ! #luvit
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait to wake up next sunday in cuse w/ the family enjoyin a nice big breakfast w// a lotta laughs , both for the 1st time in awhile
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s women’s day in manotick this saturday with 15% off everything in store ! but ... for our fb friends just ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	have to admit , i very much liked the banner man u fans had at sb yesterday ’ chelsea standing up to racism since last sunday ’ haha
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER there was too much grammy , i should’ve known we’d be sad at the end . ps are you going to dashboard tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	46 years ago today , new orleans was awarded the 16th nfl franchise - and the new orleans saints were born !
id1	id2	positive	None	haven’t made your plans or friday night ? come out and hang with us the slackers at schooners from 7-10 ! will b a great time ! bring friends !
id1	id2	positive	None	nyfw with abbey dawn !!! this seriouslly may seem to make me personally laughter ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tell that to the little african girls who have to put on a strip show for kony on their saturday nights #firstworldpains
id1	id2	negative	None	august 1st . also known as the day in the summer mario lemieux stopped getting fries with his sandwich at the turn . now no one eats bread .
id1	id2	positive	None	margenthaler really excited about this team . should compete well in northern sun , not big ten .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday everyone ! check out leah’s pick of the week : glasses : oliver peoples bacall sunglasses : miyagi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	jennifer lawrence may be the most crushable girl ever , but we’ve got some honorary mentions from the hunger games ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	back in thunderbolt with @USER at wilmington river before sitting down for sunday supper with the parents . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just said hello to dennis kucinich as he walked casually through campus with his #hotwife . he’s on 22nd st !
id1	id2	neutral	None	we’re counting down the days !... the #orlando home and garden show and boat show begins this friday ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	my mom’s over here tryna tell me that we’re taking the cahsee tomorrow ._. nigga it’s only the second month of school .. #slowyourroll
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER what time and where is the tweetup going to be tomorrow at lvms . @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	hot springs to mt . nebo last sunday with wife driving a ferrari ? not , my wifes hyundai veloster cool po folks ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	.. omar shaban says the gaza strip may be poor but the west bank’s aid-in ... hamas brinkmanship masks quiet confidence URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER excitement for the bearcats tomorrow night obviously . :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER traveling the whole circuit ? cleveland can be pretty dismal in march ... unless you’re drinking w me for my bday on st pattys
id1	id2	neutral	None	on july 16 , 8pm est , big time movie will be premiering on ytv with one direction commenting during the commercials . x
id1	id2	negative	None	i haven’t been able to enjoy tea since tuesday . i just want to drink a cup without feeling as though i’ll hurl .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow , tempe ! catching up with an old friend <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	shows on the great white way were cancelled sunday and monday and radio city music hall al URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i apologize in advance if any of you spot me in malahide’s pennies tomorrow . uuggghfghfgd
id1	id2	positive	None	gosh just think if robert griffin the 3rd ( rgiii ) and lamichael james were on the same team omg #beasts
id1	id2	positive	None	t-ara sexy love’s official broadcasting activities on october 14 has the end at inkigayo . many fans love and support is appreciated .
id1	id2	positive	None	me and my beautiful daughter back in april , mother’s day shoot with the lovely jo rutherford x
id1	id2	neutral	None	listening to duelo , pesado with @USER so ready for saturday to dance dance dance
id1	id2	positive	None	kina grannis ’ in your arms was just playing on @USER always playing the best music . happy sunday everyone :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	china telecom added 8.35 million users during 2nd quarter , an increase credited mostly to the launch of the iphone 4s . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow weather goin be the same as today . everybody just come to school nekkid .
id1	id2	positive	None	ramcharan’s #racha succesfully completes 3weeks with record collections , into 4th week ! now !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	so close manningham ! 4th down andy lee out to punt to the jets . and the jets offense will start at the 1 yard-line with 7:36 to go #49ers
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i saw the oreo ones & it gave me the idea for these ! just in time for a peanut butter addict colleagues birthday tomorrow xx
id1	id2	neutral	None	spend your halloween ( oct 31st ) night with us !!! movie night in morris hall ( phase2 ) !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s wedding wednesday ! today on the blog we are sharing a gorgeous gladstone hotel wedding . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	thursday night football on cbs college sports live from walton stadium - put your black on and get the red out !
id1	id2	positive	None	this is like the 3rd time ive seen highlights of the merseyside derby today . very good game it was .
id1	id2	positive	None	consistently on a thursday at the perfect midway point 6 months before st patricks day rolls around again . #toarthur
id1	id2	negative	None	well yall are gonna forget about this tomorrow anyway just like kony
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #bbcsportsday c’mon guys , what about #lfc away 1-0 win at fc gomel in #belarus ? i was there , i’m sure we won !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so @USER tells me that you promised him playoff tickets . i better see the both of you at rfk on saturday . #dcu
id1	id2	positive	None	great show of @USER last night . michael ball & imelda staunton an awesome pair on stage ! go see it , it closes on saturday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the warriors are also ranked 4th in the east region . the top six teams in the region qualify for the ncaa tournament ... #gowarriors
id1	id2	positive	None	my #cre blog oklahoma per square foot returns to the @USER blog hub tomorrow . i will have some interesting local data to share .
id1	id2	neutral	None	join us next wed 1 aug 4 the a-z cake day ! we r raising money 4 moebius syndrome . make a cake/s using a letter from the alphabet . 11am-2pm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	come see @USER and the rest of the boks train at orlando stadium tomorrow at 3pm ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i have to take the taks test tomorrow ... #what
id1	id2	negative	None	how did dylan quirk not make the vic 19’s . he kept to james pattinson , darren pattinson and peter siddle in a 1st grade grand final at 15 .
id1	id2	negative	None	carnival tomorrow ! wanted to rest but i don’t think i could resist the temptation !
id1	id2	negative	None	wrap-up : broncos 34 , saints 14 : thoughts on the new orleans saints ’ 34-14 loss to the denver broncos on sunday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rocking in cleveland URL what i do have is a photo of the jaguar joan jett bought w 1 of her 1st checks from the runaways
id1	id2	neutral	None	im trying the sydney dalton diet starting monday :)))
id1	id2	neutral	None	off to watch the runaways for the 20th time
id1	id2	positive	None	: shinji kagawa held a coaching clinic for students on tuesday , to support children in areas hit by the japan earthquake .
id1	id2	neutral	None	young reserve keeper jak alnwick will be on the bench on sunday for newcastle utd after rob elliot picked up a injury lastnight !
id1	id2	neutral	None	arrl : the k7ra solar update : a coronal mass ejection ( cme ) hit the earth on september 30 , triggering a jump in g ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sitting here with @USER nancy , kini , nene lai and mar and levi ! cracking up so loud ! we got told off
id1	id2	positive	None	now here is where conservative arabs and conservative jews may come to terms . abortion . the gaza strip may solve it all by itself .
id1	id2	positive	None	carine roitfeld’s paris fashion week ball with @USER completely divine ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	not even started this essay thats to be in for tomorrow . christmas opening night at the garden centre was much more fun !
id1	id2	negative	None	lack of lte may cause google nexus 4 to flop : while google is expecting the nexus 4 to be a strong followup to the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER your going to indianapolis sunday for the colts game ?!?!
id1	id2	positive	None	whoo ! clippers won the season opener ! the lakers are now 0-2 . the battle of l.a. starts friday . let’s go ! :) #clippernation
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st points to sunnybank in premier rugby grand final , with a penalty kick to dion taumata #3rdtier
id1	id2	negative	None	a cape town woman died on the eve of her 21st birthday when she was knocked down on the n2 highway , the cape argus reports today .
id1	id2	positive	None	filming starts on wednesday ! and the second project is already in the works ( hopefully ) . exciting times for karm !
id1	id2	neutral	None	heading down for the uga v ole miss game with shrek tomorrow . i’ll be bangin belles , call me #quasimodo
id1	id2	positive	None	another tough win for us today ! never been in the semi’s in bnp paribas open ! next match on thursday :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	tarheels gave it a great effort in 2nd half . pirates pulled out a big win . throw down next sat . and tough one for me , but go pirates !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wow the world may cave in on itself ! piper and mike d of @USER in the same picture #heroes
id1	id2	neutral	None	ipad 3 predictions : will have high resolution screen ( close to retina ) , lte , and it’ll be called ipad hd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER fans . stay at jurys inn hotel saturday night and enjoy brighton . we are just 9 minutes from the amex stadium by train .
id1	id2	negative	None	thur . kick : tebow’s new girlfriend , mario williams didn’t want to leave hou , more legal troubles for d . bryant URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER always wanted to finish with the sun on my back as a couple of my sporting herod did @USER gazza & c . waddle
id1	id2	negative	None	i want to go to the smb tomorrow but worried i will oversleep :/ been sleeping through my alarm
id1	id2	positive	None	why are all the great tv shows on a monday night ? channel surfing between fashion star and the voice us and the olympics ... too much choice
id1	id2	positive	None	cao cao may have his zhang liao , but i can match him with my friend gan ning . -sun quan
id1	id2	neutral	None	hu you know where to be this saturday @USER asia w/ @USER & @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	cena and dolph will make 0 sense bc ziggler will end up losing , like usual . then he may cash in who cares about tht if he loses 2 cena ?
id1	id2	positive	None	would you like to alter the ending to our sunday concerts ? let us know that you want to see dashboard confessional on @USER again !
id1	id2	positive	None	americans celebrate pi day on march 14th ( 3.14 ) , we celebrate almost pi day , today ! happy almost pi day ! ( 22/7 )
id1	id2	neutral	None	2 goals by ricardo olivares in the 1st 2 minutes of the game assisted by ian bennett then logan chaucer @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER URL july 14th , at kl live . jom jom pergi fatboy slim . so far just me n sophia
id1	id2	positive	None	our second favorite day of the year is tomorrow , come celebrate halfway to st patrick’s day with $1 green beer ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey xyrielians ! :) don’t forget to watch wansapanataym tomorrow title : beauty is the beast ! :) headadmin
id1	id2	neutral	None	if spurs had been stuffed would mccarthy be sat there on motd ? or arry ? u bet it’d be arry !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy swift day ! lol that’s probably the 10th time i said that ! haha have a great day everyone (:
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait for tomorrow going to charleston for the weekend
id1	id2	negative	None	i just hope that sandy goes away before november 6 because if she doesn’t then vips in nj probably have to cancel the nj concert : c
id1	id2	positive	None	interactive tv may be the next big thing , but what are your real life thoughts on apple tv ? #iwishitwerebetter ... shhh URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st day of practice brings a prediction : this is the year ... northwestern finally breaks through and makes the ncaa tournament .
id1	id2	positive	None	shaker is going to have school tomorrow . there’s no doubt about that ... the really question is , am i gonna go ??
id1	id2	negative	None	#cnet - just bought my 1st ipad , ipad3 , feeling real burned , mad , about ipad4 so soon . grrr . really mad ! don’t even care about mini now ,
id1	id2	negative	None	the gazette reported on problem of cyclists flouting the law at the top of the town . now the police are cracking down . see thurs gazette .
id1	id2	positive	None	just seen @USER at radio city and now get to see then again on the 28th !! so excited !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	kirko bangz may be so playa but he is sexy as fuck ! im sure hes heard it all b4 tho lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER gazza , ramirez , cork back and we’ll do well . then add some defenders in january and we’ll climb up the league .
id1	id2	negative	None	sir , there are enemies in the white house . something needs to be done today not november 6th . clinton , obama , panetta , petraeus , lamb , lew , donilon
id1	id2	positive	None	great first half for milwaukee’s last two 1st round picks . tobias harris with 12 and 6 and john henson with 14 and 6 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	federal reserve sticks with stimulus : the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday , de ... URL #sanantonio
id1	id2	positive	None	apple special event : omg the imac is paper thin and so gorgeous ! stunning ! thin ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	3rd annual women’s day was another one for the books , it’s getting bigger and better , thank you all , great effort #teamgdcf .
id1	id2	positive	None	its the 13th ! happy swift day !!! :) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	whoa ! my wife wasn’t kidding ! the walking dead is quite good ! i’m on the 5th episode of the 1st season on ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	well shit ... aren’t we apparently supposed to wake up to kony 2012 posters everywhere tomorrow ...? or did that all just fall through ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	real madrid will have the first option to buy tottenham winger gareth bale , if spurs sell the welsh international . ( sunday mirror )
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER but professor , if i may just remind you that you only achieved a bsd and bachelor’s by the age of 24 ...
id1	id2	negative	None	i would rather eat my left foot then to be taking the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	down to 2 at the final table . merson and sylvia . no shame for the kid balsiger . 3rd place and $3.8 million is great for the 21 yr old .
id1	id2	neutral	None	don’t forget about daylight savings time ! daylight savings time ends on sunday november 4th , at 2:00 am . the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER until tonight . the speech tonight may only have one fact - my name is willard mitt romney . @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for march 14 - fyxnews URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just realized i’m going to see hedley tomorrow . ohmygod . #5thtime :d #weday
id1	id2	positive	None	as eden hazard assisted the 1st goal of this game , we are refunding all first goalscorer stakes on this player .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the sun is shining over the #uoncareersroadshow at sb . fingers crossed for tomorrow at the exchange building , jc from 11am !...
id1	id2	negative	None	i think we may have just found out the reason he plays carrick at centre half when we have no one else #lackofexperienceshows
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks for following #econokit - you may like to use #bizikent hashtag and rt/follow other local businesses as per #bizitalk
id1	id2	neutral	None	pt2 there are always cheaper alternatives , if your girl wants red bottoms and you have to check your balance 1st , you can’t afford it #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	michael easton killed the ’ stand alone ’ conversation on friday eppi . happy mcsexy is back . <3 #gh #mcbam @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	bubble tea yogurmet , you’ll love it , come to miramar and starting next saturday we will be open at doral . 10712 nw 74th st
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday flashmob on the music of the runaways in following my tweets , you can see what the music is done !
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday , 9/23 , we introduced lucy kaplansky’s latest , reunion . here’s mother’s day from the new record ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER see u sunday at calle orange afterparty @USER with @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	head of highways jason russell speaking @USER event about driving improvements tomorrow at pride park URL
id1	id2	negative	None	mt @USER #syria , deir ezzor | marba’eh: aerial shelling dropped explosive barrels on residential buildings in the town . tue , 23 october .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i’m going to cuba buuuttt i doubt i will be doing what y’all will #13 . 1 sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	xyriel manabat teached the value of commitment in wansapanataym this saturday URL ( via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	question of the day : can anything beat quevega in thursday’s world series hurdle ? have your say URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mitt romney on usaid at virginia military institute 8 october 2012 : i will make it clear to the recipients of ( cont ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	michael dyer traffic stop under probe URL / so thw school may have jump the gun
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i’m from halifax , nova scotia . not sure if we will go on march break , i’ll have to see as it gets closer . why ?
id1	id2	negative	None	bolton wanderers have sacked manager owen coyle following a poor start to the season . the club currently sit in 18th in the championship .
id1	id2	neutral	None	and i really wanna watch the new icarly and how to rock live but i’m road tripping on sunday so i need sleep /;
id1	id2	neutral	None	busy week 4 us : @USER at @USER on the 12th , @USER at @USER on the 15th n noah at kl live on the 16th , u comin ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	via @USER latest computer information supports rainfall of 1-2 in the metroplex thru tomorrow . higher amounts likely south of i-2
id1	id2	neutral	None	murray out in straight sets : andy murray suffered a surprise early exit from the bnp paribas open in indian well ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	can you rip it 2 auditions tomorrow , msa fair , baa party , cross the movie #weekend
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may even vote gingrich as a write-in candidate to send a message about the need for more moon bases and debate hilarity .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER will you be having an anniversary outdoor concert like you did for your 20th with michael ball ? that was an amazing evening !!
id1	id2	positive	None	luxury condo one ala moana unveiled : hhmk development , lcc announced thursday details about the new luxury ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	awesome final dress ! so excited for moby dick the musical , opening tomorrow at the dl parsons theatre in northglenn ! #ifyoulovemeyouwillcome
id1	id2	neutral	None	reggie wayne has run 64.1% of his routes from the slot . he has 45 targets on those routes , 3rd most in the league .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER poor match ended their winning streak . they also lost to leverkusen at home for the 1st time in 24 years .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the #marlies take on the hamilton bulldogs ( affiliate of the montreal canadiens ) tomorrow night in pre-season action . puck drop 7:00 pm !
id1	id2	positive	None	let’s see whatcha got and you could win an ipad hd ! submit your deep creek lake area photos before this wednesday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	please be on time tonight vips :) there may be a few treats involved !
id1	id2	positive	None	i think i may try the sydney dalton diet .. wish me luck
id1	id2	positive	None	the john hancock building is lit up green , must be to celebrate that tomorrow is six months to st patricks day :) let the countdown begin <3
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait to stay with kayla and levi tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hahahaha i i wish that it was november already so that i can go to winter jam . they have yet to announce the line ups . :d
id1	id2	positive	None	i wish fundraising money could be easier ! i wanna go to belize again this march break on a mission trip ! anyone want to support .. ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i can’t believe the first semi-final of melodifestivalen was just yesterday . can we press fast-forward to @USER #teamdanny
id1	id2	negative	None	rotherham give clear warning to edl , bnp and nf october 12 : URL via @USER got the message yet ? fuck off #edl
id1	id2	positive	None	today’s a great day to splurge on an awesome bottle of hollywood tans lotion with our treat your tuesday daily special ! call 866-970-8267 ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	fyi : if you haven’t gotten your tickets to see comedian ali siddiq @USER inbox now ! saluting nocturnal on 4 years . 8-10pm this sunday ,
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER have a good trip . see you tomorrow at the jurys inn ?
id1	id2	positive	None	just got a call from the tudou awards festival--we’re up for 2 prizes , ceremony to kicks off in chengde may 19th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER up to you ~ btw , can we celebrate ranty , chunji & lay’s bdae tomorrow ? xd just need to buy one cake though ~ xd
id1	id2	negative	None	turn’s out apple’s snarky statement about samsung isn’t quite what the judge had in mind : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	everything seems to quiet down when usaid was booted out of russia , may be the money’s gone . the we say when to dissent movement .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER that’s horrible news that umbc will wait until 6 am tomorrow to let us know about closing . hhhmmm
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you’re around on saturday , go see @USER and @USER at stubb’s battle of the bands . proceeds go to invisible children .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wednesday preview - sixteen players do battle for quarter-finals : media notes for the bnp paribas open , an atp w ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	there are no articles any more that dream about the cities of tomorrow . ~ dr. neil degrasse tyson
id1	id2	neutral	None	brentley takes a coffeyville fumble 15 yards for the defensive score . missed pat , 34-12 phs . 4:34 2nd #vkscores @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER listen to the land , but that is everyday . today in particular ... great big beautiful tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	mad respect for the iad team .. its comforting to know we still have people like them around . may allah continue to bless this project .
id1	id2	neutral	None	edith bowman , cherie blair , barbara windsor watch as @USER struts her stuff at the breast cancer care fashion show @USER on oct 3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER creed @USER live in manila on november 11 , 2012 at the smart araneta coliseum . buy your tickets today at ticketnet !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the bloodiest sweet 16 ever happens on march 13th . check out the trailer for my super psycho sweet 16 : part 3 here : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	three of our newspaper team are off to london with miss reay tomorrow as they’re nominated for a national award for best community newspaper
id1	id2	neutral	None	the spurs don’t appear to be missing manu ginobili right now but they may get him back in the lineup on saturday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i saw pitch perfect tonight and freaking loved it !! anna kendrick is my new wife and i think i may be in lov URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nice sunday today starting with a macy’s brekie then off to the garden centre with @USER & her nan & grandad #chilled #wheresdinner
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sylvia , i can’t make thursday evening i have an event to go to . can do it saturday if that’s ok ? #norestforthewicked
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 1st release and i’m 26,000 up , what is it gonna take to get a gangsta grillz for flint , mi big homie ??? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	pumps & polos !! strongside party nov 10 @USER paradise !! ladies free till 11:30 so get there early !!! i got my polo ready how about y’all ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	postseason prep is underway . big east quarterfinal vs . either uc or marquette is saturday at card park . are you ready ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	bnp opposes companies act change : the bnp on tuesday asked the government to drop the move to change companies a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	idk if i should see the movie with jennifer lawrence or paranormal activity 4 on saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER covering the paley event with the cast tomorrow . wish you were coming with me .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER is there a screening tomorrow for the capitol one fixture ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	your 3rd gen . ipad with retina display is worth a lot of money , especially at amazon ( macdailynews/macdailynews ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey @USER make my day and announce the 2nd season renewal for the @USER show how to rock .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER miss youuu , come over saturday with colton #loveyouuu
id1	id2	positive	None	alaskan musher , 25 , youngest to win iditarod : dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race on tuesday evening , becoming the you ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER getting ready for our big day tomorrow at lvms with the new #abarth . here’s a sneak peak inside ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	you are out of luck if you want to go to the bnp paribas open on saturday as tickets are not available . same for sunday day session #bnppo12
id1	id2	positive	None	sun is rising and we’re not tired , we’ll be dancing on for days with mad man . @USER well done , got goosebumps , new fave song <3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hahah , ugh .. you win this time , #igiveuppp what happens in iona , stays in ionaa ! sooo see yas saturday hahah ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes . i am the remus lupin of werebears . just watch out at the next full moon . i may once again attempt to steal your honey ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER but i do agree wit 2nd in east as long as drose sits out most of the year
id1	id2	neutral	None	13 april 1996 , history is made , as the metrostars and the los angeles galaxy meet at the rose bowl in pasadena , california , ( 1/3 )
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait to see my boy mitchell fight 15th dec at excel . anyone want tickets message me . ricky burns fighting for title @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	team kumite in tohoku championship we got 3rd place !! this photo was taken 3years ago ... do you find me ?? lol URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	boom ! 1st post bilbao night half marathon 9km . i just finished a 9.02 km run with nike+ running . URL #nikeplus
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER that’s awesome ! wanna go to the albion v arsenal game at the emirates on the 8th of dec ?? would be cool to hang out ..
id1	id2	positive	None	i remember the days of strong women in politics , judy lamarsh , flora macdonald , today’s maude barlow , eliizabeth may . not liars hebert !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just finalized advanced ics training course description with luigi auriemma . he will be teaching the friday after #s42013
id1	id2	negative	None	why is everyone tweeting about northglenn and the game tomorrow . niggas , idgaf ! i graduated ! fuck that school and all the fags that go there
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER right ?! that man is a u.s. senator who sounds likes the most annoying kid in 8th grade home room .
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday is a rugby day ! game against umd today . lets go tarheels . #unc #girlswhoplayrugby #rugby
id1	id2	neutral	None	so halloween got moved to november 5th ? that’s a monday , yeah no thnx . i’d rather just dress up as a candy cane for christmas .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its me again , when i 1st saw you i gasped & was hit by the thunderboltgorgeous ! new york gal ? i found you ! #rt # following
id1	id2	positive	None	jason russell , the man behind kony 2012 , is going to be on oprah’s next chapter next sunday . this should be interesting .
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m really excited for when #community’s halloween episode airs sometime in the middle of march . just in time for st. patty’s day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tim byrdak strikes out pedro alvarez to end the #pirates threat in the 8th inning on 5/22/2012 #mets
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it’s super ! but saving pennies starts now . last afternoon so we’re cramming in sun by the rooftop pool .
id1	id2	positive	None	at the bnp paribas open in the hot sun . i know some of you would love this weather and the tennis .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fall home & garden show is 10-6 today and 10-5 sunday at the ventura county fairgrounds . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	may justice be served . and for merseyside derby , may the best team win fair & square
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i know dude iona is 15 mins away and they’re closed through monday . its not like there isn’t just cause to cancel .
id1	id2	neutral	None	received an email from airasia regarding the trip to lombok this friday . goodbye kuala lumpur and hello lombok , indonesia !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the addo rose and garden show takes place from tomorrow until sunday at the valentine hall in addo . #easterncape . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning sunday n mother’s day :-) on the way to wat su pat w/ @USER ... happy mother’s day
id1	id2	neutral	None	just watched dashboard confessional’s video for stolen for the 1st time in several years and realized olivia wilde is in it . mind ... blown ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you know that every monday is facebook monday at hot springs resort & spa ? $10 off a tub for 2 or more people ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER flight landing in jakarta at 15:15 on december 25 . can we make the airasia flight at 19:35 same day to bali ? separate bookings
id1	id2	negative	None	i like trey burke but i think pre-season 1st team all-american is a bit over the top .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aww the capitol haha , i’m (( finally )) going there in april (:
id1	id2	neutral	None	boomerang will be on snsd’s 2nd jp album . not sure if it is the boomerang that was discarded by sm
id1	id2	neutral	None	omg !!! just saw on e news that harry kissed niall at the texas concert on sunday !! fangirling !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	cause it’s friday 13th , i’m watching my super psycho sweet 16 part 1 & 2 #youknowyolo
id1	id2	negative	None	saudi security forces opened fire on shia terrorists in the tense qatif district of the eastern province in friday . ( 27-7-2012 )
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER bollo , one of the best ! 16th novemeber , that weekend everybody that went to leeds festival is coming up to leeds for the weekend
id1	id2	negative	None	so i’m listening to this beatles ’ playlist to study for my beatles midterm on friday , and fucking snsd is one of the related videos . #wtf
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you may like this . dude from dashboard confessional , playing with a band that he started awhile back . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	really should get some sleep since i have the cashee makeup testing tomorrow . but i’m not , the usual .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can you please come to sxsw in austin in march ? i’ve wanted to see you for years & it would be amazing if you played a show here !
id1	id2	positive	None	tonite on sunday = sound day ! 21.30 at lap . oremti arco raya , parung . dont miss it lads , see you soon !
id1	id2	positive	None	reading on my tl about horse porn ( yummeh ;)) and jennifer lawrence , my friday has been actually pretty great , wby ?
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s tuesday :d #np moanin - yoko kanno ( ost . sakamichi no apollon )
id1	id2	positive	None	i’ll bet you a peanut butter sandwich that seal team 6 takes out kony just before november 6th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	meek mill , boobie gibson & derrick rose were in the same 6th grade class .
id1	id2	positive	None	going to london tomorrow for 3 days ! also i shall be seeing imelda staunton live in sweeney todd .. #excited
id1	id2	positive	None	one direction will host the big time movie on monday :)
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday funday with the girls at toads . cold drink in my hand and zac brown band playing #goodday
id1	id2	positive	None	many thanks to zac brown for your support of the troops and the vets --- on monday night football
id1	id2	positive	None	i need to sleep have a big day taking the cashee tomorrow . sike no cashee equals no life for 4 hours
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to my cousin on hspa tomorrow , praying for you mary . i know you can do it !!! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	ohhh doood ! red holiday cups start back (& holiday drinks ) at sb !! so going tomorrow :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	just announced : mario lemieux will be dropping the puck at the johnstown tomahawks first home game on sept 29th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#fx new york , oct 18 ( reuters ) - the federal reserve provided $4.701 billion of liquidity to the ... URL #eur #aud #cad
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you have updates to msg but what about comcast center or mohegan sun arena
id1	id2	neutral	None	but mitt rumnee , wat are you gonna do wen its dec 21st and the apocalypse comes and kony is the ruler of the world
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to peru again on the 20th :)
id1	id2	positive	None	monday’s area sports briefs | north myrtle beach volleyball to play for lower state title : i was pleased with t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	my bro @USER gonna take the reigns from trey burke without a dropoff and be on that stage in a few yrs . gta gt tht education 1st !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER true re family backgrounds , which brings us to the lessons of tia sharp & social services etc . april’s dad ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	hbsbhsdv might be going to see sweeney todd in west end on monday ! imelda staunton !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	while all you st pattys day goers are getting drunk ill be serving all of you after last call #notlookingforwardtodennys !
id1	id2	neutral	None	on november 11 sprint will start selling the galaxy tab 2 with lte with a price tag of $549.99
id1	id2	negative	None	flash : senegal are disqualified from the 2013 africa cup of nations after a riot forced saturday’s home tie with ivory coast to be abandoned
id1	id2	positive	None	t-pain killed for his show the other night . guns and roses lastnight . tomorrow night kirko bangz . #lasvegas #turnup
id1	id2	neutral	None	heat parade- monday , june 25th . starts at calle ocho , through brickell avenue , through biscayne boulevard , and ends at the aaa .
id1	id2	positive	None	yea , i’m going to helsinki tomorrow , can’t wait !!
id1	id2	negative	None	doug martin had an explosive ff week just like vincent jackson did last sunday . of course , martin is my opponent , so i am not as stoked .
id1	id2	positive	None	christmas tomorrow :d !! who’s going trick or treating for christmas presents & candy cane ?!?!?!?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	supporters bus to derry : st patrick’s athletic travel to the brandywell on friday for their last away match of t ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER we shootin the video next tuesday at club crucial we need you to come dj blakboy
id1	id2	neutral	None	long beach state may be in good shape for the ncaa tournament , but they’d miss the big west tournament if the season ended today .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable URL @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	hey , at least since the girl scouts stood us up we can have a productive concert choir day tomorrow . #optimistic
id1	id2	positive	None	interesting : more tudou staff may follow chief out the door . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#teamfollowback la liga : barca and betis march on , malaga held : real betis moved up to fourth in the table after ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the pacers are counting on paul george to step up , gerald green and dj augustin are your adds ... nat 2nd in the east , son .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER hope it was not a super psycho sweet 16th birthday party ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you see girl scouts on the @USER morning show for #cdos on saturday ? here’s the video : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	there’s a possibility i’ll be decked out in mint neko tomorrow . either with cardigan or parka . ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	the @USER soundboard may have been the best 69p i’ve ever spent
id1	id2	negative	None	win #3 for bowyer . and for the 3rd time can’t drive it to victory lane #nascar
id1	id2	positive	None	interesting #tea -trivia #2 : tea is the 2nd most consumed beverage in the world
id1	id2	negative	None	fuck the talent show lets go to the basketball tournament on friday at richard bland to support kenston forest
id1	id2	neutral	None	gary barlow , wayne rooney , sir alex ferguson , lionel messi , james arthur , geordie shore cast , ant and dec , emile sande and the rest
id1	id2	positive	None	the announcement was so good last night , even my non-basketball liking flatmates sat through the whole thing .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER get the new frequency , the phone you have now may not work on their lte network anymore . but hspa is always the same .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just me and iona i think , you are very welcome to come though , i may need the support ! haha
id1	id2	positive	None	it ends in a draw . nu gives itself a chance for a share of the big ten title should michigan state lose on saturday #b1gcats
id1	id2	positive	None	want to win free tickets to the skycity #nzbreakers game next friday ?! tune in to flava and find out how ! @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER c’mon guys , break it up . happy labour day xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	whitney houston’s daughter bobbi kristina stars in a new reality show , much of it filmed in atlanta URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know !! i sat down i’m just like ohmygosh that’s peyton siva
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER easy to have a couple extra wins when byu has played the 31st ranked schedule compared to utah , who’s played the 3rd . #sagarin
id1	id2	positive	None	some of the team are off to artytype to finish off the christmas magazine today ! make sure you grab your copy in the gazette on the 14th ,
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER thing is that if we do separate time on sat , it can make rushers get on dif times so its not all together
id1	id2	neutral	None	avril lavigne says after debuting spring line for abbey dawn she may make own wedding dress URL
id1	id2	negative	None	c’mon sean parker , step it up ! little ass nigha
id1	id2	positive	None	#bestmixtapesever i wasn’t a @USER fan until i heard the 1st dedication gangsta grillz . changed my whole opinion .
id1	id2	negative	None	kyocera rise review . c’mon sprint . even for a budget phone , this isn’t going to cut it . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the @USER game will be held sunday night at 8 pm ct on cbs college sports . you can follow the event blog : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#specialneeds judo weekly class on at the #southville centre tomorrow night - medal winning sports stars !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER october 13 ! duelo is going !
id1	id2	neutral	None	everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow for rushers , it’s big time rush :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	new orleans saints live updates from joe vitt , drew brees press conferences : vitt , brees talk about monday night ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	bib# 5886 ! look for me during the two cities marathon this sunday ! running from clovis to fresno ! i got this !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #c2k carles puyol ! omg ! what a landing ! may god help him with his hand !! ouch !!
id1	id2	positive	None	spinning sunday night at moomba for their thanksgiving party come check it out going to be crazy as usual ! tickets are available .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sundate with @USER #araneta #sunday #pba #basketball #bff #tween #igers #igfame @USER araneta coliseum URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER vampires dont sparkle ... look at .. that moebius guy from new york ( i havnt watched spiderman for a while ... ) he hates the sun
id1	id2	neutral	None	smith sacked by jpp on 3rd and 4 . loss of 9 and andy lee is out there for the first time .
id1	id2	neutral	None	join us for the last kidstuff show of 2012 , next sunday , nov 4 at 12:30 pm in the smith center . get a sneak peek ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	abbey dawn new york fashion week show 2012 - 10 september 2012 ~ avril’s waving at you ! <3 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd half of the merseyside derby .
id1	id2	positive	None	they have some really creative things going on at tapanco ( calle 68 and 47 ) . for instance , this concert tomorrow ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER presidents ’ day , april fools day , easter , mother’s day , memorial day , and father’s day ? then you get your permit ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	we’ve rescheduled halfway to st patrick’s day and the band @USER for thurs sept 27 5-8pm - see you there ! #nola URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lots of students interested in uk study at the dec fair in kyiv today
id1	id2	negative	None	carles puyol could be out for up to 6 weeks after straining knee ligaments . further tests on the barca man tomorrow - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	register today to attend a free ! super saturday , october 27 in syracuse , new york with president , nigel branson ! - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	its the 13th ! happy swift day ! ^^
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tomorrow is directioners day !! please follow me ! i love you guys ! 1d is awesome ! you are amazing ! i love y’all!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER retweet pls : west-end star michael ball with cork youth orchestra , dec 8th & 9th , city hall . tickets from ticketmaster.ie
id1	id2	positive	None	we can take the big bucket to the million man march . that’s a million dollars . you know biggie smalls he gone drink two at least !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the date for the 2013 st. patrick’s day parade has been announced ! the annual event will take place on saturday , march 9th !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow happen 3 great things ;) ... liam ’ s birthday+photo day at school+in germany starts the new episols of dance academy ; dso exciteddd ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	watching john carter for 2nd time today . you could say i’m mildly obsessed with how good this plot is . and taylor kitsch’s good looks .
id1	id2	positive	None	congratulations to 4th ranked wbo featherweight orlando cruz ! 1st active boxer to come out of the closet . #courage URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m sure umbc is going to be cancelled tomorrow , but can they make it official already ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i think sean parker is a fuck . he may have a point about it being boring . but the guy is a drug addict idiot that cant hold a job
id1	id2	neutral	None	i woke up to see the sun shining all around me ... yoko kanno on pandora URL #pandora
id1	id2	neutral	None	vanuatu goes to the polls on 30 october . you can follow the progress on the pacific policy website . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dec 1st :) are you guys back from korea by that time ?
id1	id2	negative	None	#admititmitt kofi annan said sunday that vice pres . candidate paul ryan was dead wrong on the crisis in syria . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	news : pudsey pays a visit ! - if you went down to cascades on saturday you’d be sure of a big surprise . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watch our school on sbs insight tomorrow with peter garrett . naomi did us proud ! @USER @USER #edchat URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i just saw your link to the show ... it is on wednesday :-) yahoo !!! thanks again .
id1	id2	positive	None	it’s make-it-happen monday ! git ’ er done . to h*ll with circumstances ; i create my own opportunities . -bruce lee , actor & martial arts legend
id1	id2	positive	None	return of chicago’s beloved son , derrick rose , will be february 28 at home v 76ers . same team same floor . 1 day before 10 months #justaguess
id1	id2	negative	None	why does jeff foxworthy host are you smarter than a 5th grader ? he isnt even smarter than a 5th grader #romney08
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER which sunday is women’s day ?? and you get your shirt yet
id1	id2	negative	None	i bought an ecig through the sun paper yet not allowed to use it while watching football at newcastle utd
id1	id2	neutral	None	make sure you tune into the saga exclusively on temple’s only student run radio whip at iheartradio monday through thursday’s at 9pm !!
id1	id2	positive	None	bilbao flights booked ! exciting times , cant wait for a weekend with little beth and javi ! roll on november 29th :)
id1	id2	positive	None	story : the houstons premieres tonight . bobbi kristina , who may or may not have gotten engaged to her brother . <- cats outta the bag #engaged
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER +on march 8th it’s the international women’s day . first day of may has the same holiday as you * yaaay * . victory’s day is on 09/05
id1	id2	negative	None	on another note , i don’t like the dst makes me feel like more of an alcoholic . once the sun sets , it’s okay to drink ! even if it’s 4pm ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	taiwan : tens of thousands of people marched through taipei on saturday to push for the legalisation of same-sex ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	he going to the fair , on saturday & i’m going to be out of town ! mann bullshit
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m really sad i’m not going to able to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the montreal canadiens for the 4th year in a row . #nhllockout
id1	id2	positive	None	the 1st annual doral design district international taste of the arts is almost here ! enjoy yummy food from well ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i call them dbsk when they’re 5 , tvxq when they’re 2 , thsk when they’re 3 , tvxq ! when it’s just junsu , and jyj if it’s homin on a wednesday
id1	id2	positive	None	the apple special event live broadcast it up ! shutting all other apps/browsers for maximum smoothness ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i din’t take nutella . took galaxy instead , but it’s over . no man , nit is fun . coming in december :)
id1	id2	positive	None	i may not be a fan of the spurs , but they play some amazing basketball .
id1	id2	negative	None	ben howland implies he has no interest in #huskers hoops coaching job . see la times ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	golf : junior franco castro had 10 birdies and a 64 (-8 ) to tie the school record for a single 18-hole round . he was tied for 3rd at -14 .
id1	id2	positive	None	c’mon chelsea , even bilbao handles united and u r able to handle #barca so do it for me , pls
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER jason . . it seems we have some mutual friends i was hearing at the game on sat . travel with you to bilbao from my neck of woods .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sir terry leahy , the man behind tesco’s success , is speaking at @USER in wgc tomorrow : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER dmu 1st years are boring you know ... we may need to teach em - fuck ’ em , fuck ’ em i’m screaming fuck ’ em !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	lionel messi may be the best player to ever grace the field !!! he is also best player of this generation hands down !
id1	id2	positive	None	the cab is playing on xm and i may or may not have just started flailing .
id1	id2	positive	None	there are still tickets available for the mar 9 panel at paleyfest . let’s make #castle a sold out event ! get tix here : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mt @USER #syria , deir ezzor : mahmud aboud alhaji was martyred due to heavy shelling on the city’s neighborhoods . wednesday , 17 october .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER bret hart , hbk , and vince mcmahon were now involved in the 2nd best screwjob ever
id1	id2	neutral	None	tuesday , june 12 , is election day in virginia . please vote in the republican primary for jamie radtke for u.s. senator ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah alls good , im back in college , just finishing off my degree in cit , so ill be all done in may ., then job time :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	um ben tickle from dance academy just replied to me . i may or may not be grinning right now .
id1	id2	positive	None	emma stone in miu miu dress at paris fashion week show , matching umbrella and lippie we applaud you ! URL via @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	yes , it is us : ufo sighting in long beach , california on october 28th 2012 - saw a pulsating red fla ... URL #aliens
id1	id2	neutral	None	federal reserve stands firm on bond-buying program : the federal reserve said on wednesday that it is standing firm ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dave just entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sunday , 10 march 2013 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	lovatics ! are you ready for demi lovato’s 4th album ? :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	s.l. @USER back to edmonton , canada !... who’s going !... july 21st muddafuggaz ! ( shannon leto on ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER reagan nominated sandra day o’connor to the supreme court & she became the 1st female justice . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	going hilton hotel on thursday for dinner #cantwaitt
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i’m so excited omg . give them to colton :d lol and i have cookies for you tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	okay so change of plans startin the sydney dalton diet tomorrow because we couldnt get to the store yesterday
id1	id2	positive	None	rsvp here for 1/2 way to st. patty’s day this saturday ! receive discount drinks all night for you & your guests ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you going to go to levi’s tomorrow ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	#loganlovestory - remember december on my blog !! read it rushers :) URL and please give me ur commet after this
id1	id2	negative	None	reagan gone need me tomorrow , she gone want some if my candy , but ima tell her noo
id1	id2	positive	None	feeling sick happy i don’t have to take the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	details about nc state’s saturday exhibition against belmont abbey . game will start 30 minutes after football . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nashville had their big night tonight on national tv . tomorrow we celebrate texas , oklahoma , and kansas on the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i got reggie wayne in the 4th , then worked it and got miles austin in the 5th @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to the album signing on wednesday at hmv in newcastle any one know if you go to the same place for the wrist band xxx
id1	id2	negative	None	report : michael dyer stopped in march with gun , marijuana by unusually understanding state trooper : sunday , arka ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	one class tomorrow , done at 11 and then going home . ready to witness an oklahoma upset on saturday ! #cyclonenation
id1	id2	neutral	None	meet me tonight at cultural friday , calle ocho , miami . i’m right at front of dominoes ’ park , by the tower ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i may not agree with wilkie’s ideas but he has proven he is a man of principle ... it’s a pity peter garrett cannot say the same .
id1	id2	negative	None	heads up : galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable - URL /r
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to l.a. tomorrow evening , and i really should be packing right now .
id1	id2	positive	None	the vintage club at indian wells . ranked 21st in the state by golf digest , this place was so exclusive when it ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dj mix n match spinning live to air with z 103.5 this wednesday october 31st at city nightclub ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	oy . don’t expect to get a flag when you’re playing like this in the 2nd half , okay eddie royal ?
id1	id2	negative	None	( cont . ) weeks and hyung jun didn’t even perform on the major music shows
id1	id2	neutral	None	the next person to be on smash project is of mice & men cause they’re already going to quezon city on march 8th and playing soundwave
id1	id2	neutral	None	you may want to plant bachelor’s buttons . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER bias is prevalent at all levels . you don’t want 2 find yourself on the bubble on selection sunday #ncaa
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow don’t miss the party at baru ( brickell & doral ) i’m working in doral see you ... don’t forget you halloween costume ...
id1	id2	negative	None	can’t believe how many hostels in dublin are already booked up for st patrick’s day !! 21st birthday plans going down the pan =(
id1	id2	negative	None	i have a 150 minute flight tomorrow morning . #fuck #sleeping #tonight . i’m going to sleep on the plane , and listen to yoko kanno .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is karwa- choth delhi is going mad !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can you please say #happybirthday to me for tomorrow or rt/follow me i love you dj malik
id1	id2	negative	None	prez will claim on monday that he got kony as well . #one termer #notoptimal
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER robert griffin the iii ( 3rd ) . the quarter back for washington . ( he’s a youngster , but he’s super good ) .
id1	id2	negative	None	poor shot selection !! and another bites in the dust . azhar ali gone . james pattinson gets his 2nd victim . #pakvaus #cricket
id1	id2	negative	None	why wouldn’t tim byrdak start the 8th with a heavy lefty lineup ? makes no sense . shows with the homer . #mets
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER it was aired on friday oct 26 2012 at nhk , i’ll try to find the source ^-^
id1	id2	neutral	None	iatse picketing of ’ fashion star ’ set to resume monday - deadline : with no talks started , the union and the crew ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#lincoln imagine running from the capitol to the white house 4 an answer from lincoln during the vote on the 13th amendment
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks @USER for coming pass the saga tonight ! can’t wait for love lee to drop oct 16 !!! #sagalove !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	high pay centre is hosting business in crisis at #con2012 tomorrow 6:30 pm jurys inn URL with jesse norman & guy opperman
id1	id2	neutral	None	reggie wayne may be old but he still got it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER haha we’re off round claytons now then the rising sun later !
id1	id2	positive	None	to the cool kids of lcc ! halloween party tomorrow ! g ? :) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i can recall 3 situations where #wwe changed plans because of tweets ! 1st is jr to replace king , 2nd brock interfering in the cena vs rock !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just watched friday’s #gh . about time sam and mcbain kissed ! always thought @USER had more chemistry with michael easton than burton
id1	id2	neutral	None	[ video ] exo-m’s tudou interview + luhan & chen sing what is love ! : exo-m’s latest interview with tudou ! pretty im ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	college football picks : saturday parlay : the pac-12 , the big ten , and the southeastern conference all have intri ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	miyagi just got banned from yoga . he was caught him sniffing the sphincter of the girl in front of him . there may be police involvement !
id1	id2	neutral	None	golf lessons will be available with gary at bearsden golf range from next thursday , 5pm onwards . call the shop to book your lesson .
id1	id2	positive	None	show your love for your local field & it might win an award ! gallagher park #bedlington current 4th in national award URL
id1	id2	negative	None	njea teacher’s convention_ nov 8th & 9th in atlantic city has been cancelled for the 1st time in its 158-year history .
id1	id2	negative	None	okay so my fam is going to queen mary tomorrow i’m really scared of hunted houses and this is a big o hunted ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	new hu with the cast of sullivan & son @USER @USER @USER lauria @USER sat 11pm pt on reelz ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just thought about the fact that i’m now a junior . psat , pssa , sat’s , benchmarks , benchmarks , homework and , prom . wow . #classof2014
id1	id2	positive	None	tom brady has been named afc offensive player of the week for the 22nd time , bringing him back up even with peyton manning for most ever .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just gonna ’ wing ’ my french and hst tests tomorrow ok
id1	id2	neutral	None	just in : apple announced the iphone 5 wednesday at the yerba buena center in san francisco . rumors leading up to ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	japanese customers paying more for lng according to report : prior to the great east japan earthquake of march 1 ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER your going to be the reason why i fail this hspa tomorrow , i know it
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER chris rene is coming to new zealand nov 5 , 6 ans 7th ! dm @USER to get him in the studio !
id1	id2	positive	None	don’t forget to bring your buddy barrel back tomorrow ! it’s the last sunday in our 4 week bgmc drive to build a school vanuatu !
id1	id2	positive	None	[ video ] prepix’s choreography video is also available on nate ( for those of you who may wish to view on mobile devices ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the cab will be closed monday and tuesday due to the weather conditions of hurricane sandy . we appreciate your ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the celtics celebrated their new year on nov 1 . it marked the end of summer , darker half of the year , beginning of cold winter #hybridfacts
id1	id2	positive	None	dad just said if obama wins on tuesday he is moving to cuba #dontknowwhatyourtalkingbout #butok
id1	id2	negative	None	shiiit my sats is on saturday . i’m going to fail . : c
id1	id2	positive	None	want to see wild thing on friday against the chicago bulls ?!?!? comment and like to win a pair of tickets ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m coming back to to dayton november 15th for half the day . pretty excited to see everyone again
id1	id2	positive	None	i still maintain that boris bikes may be the best way to see london ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	#syracuse field hockey beat #uconn for the big east regular season title on saturday . my story for @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you and improud of you to gettin that ogt done .! and im gone come in december .! we still making that trip to church !?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER #iloveiball i wish kareena kapoor a very happy birthday , may this ’ heroine ’ be blessed with national award
id1	id2	neutral	None	computer security firm sophos confirmed on tuesday suspicions that mac computers around the world ar URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sitting down with u.s. senator debbie stabenow on tuesday for a chat about washington , the election , debt ceiling , and more . stay tuned .
id1	id2	positive	None	marguerite the photographer : irish heather , gastown , vancouver . happy st. patrick’s day everybody !!! ( 17 mar 2012 ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	awesoomeee . monday blues URL is the epitome of excellence !
id1	id2	positive	None	wish i was with the full eastern crew on a saturday especially st pattys damn would of been priceless ya feel me #enoughsaid #realtalk
id1	id2	negative	None	half naked & covered in baby spew ! 3points for the dons tomorrow though ! #weareallcammysmith #weareallcammysmithredarmybanner
id1	id2	neutral	None	forum post id : 96738 - sunday history photo / qld : a little late today , we all know what campers say about genera ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	one of the classic rivalries from the epl era is renewed on sunday when manchester utd and newcastle utd meet at st james park ! #mufc #glory
id1	id2	positive	None	i liked a @USER video URL thsk - 4th live tour 27/31 - we are + break up the she
id1	id2	neutral	None	now i get it : moebius and ray bradbury went before to be at neil armstrong’s 2nd landing ... dreamers URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if it seems to smb that i say about one band more pleasant things than about another so it means that i love 1st more than 2nd , you’re wrong .
id1	id2	positive	None	2nd halloween with @USER - people of the capitol . i love that corseted , blue haired woman . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	grandeza mexicana dance academy would like to invite you to our 6th annual showcase ! please come and support :d <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	rt/rationalsupport2012doors next generation beta 3 - we pleased to announce availability of the 3rd installment for doors next genera ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to do the sydney dalton diet right before school so on the 4th day during school i go looking fab xoxo
id1	id2	neutral	None	me : pi day is march 14th , you know because pi is 3.14 @USER oh yeah ... i was thinking of 411 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wonder how long it will take to find out who won the 5th seat in brindabella , and who the chief minister will be ? #actvotes
id1	id2	positive	None	i love the random 7th graders crying at the seaholm game #getoutofhere #attentionneeders
id1	id2	neutral	None	black friday i am going to be working but on my lunch break i’m getting some kicks and levi’s & polos
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tomorrow is directioners day ! i’m dressing up as you !! please follow me ! it would mean the world to me ! i love you and 1d !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER in taipei , taiwan , having a great time so far , the international faculty is really good , my lecture is tomorrow . bye
id1	id2	neutral	None	#apple apple’s iphone event : join us wednesday ( live blog ): the lam research theater at the yerba buena center f ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	rise and shine getting the field in good shape before pro day tomorrow #uisbaseball2013 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	john henson may have left unc but he hasn’t stopped posterizing dookies URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im ready for saturday to be in chapel hill watching mike glennon and company give the tarheels the business #gopack ! #wolfblood #ncsuvsunc !
id1	id2	positive	None	100 days in 100 minutes ! tonight in orono , friday in rockport , sunday in belfast . don’t miss it !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day yahoo but i have already jotted 50ish to do items ... off to bulgaria tomorrow morning
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow morning , 8am at eko hotel , it will be another awesome time in god’s holy presence . we look forward to seeing you all . good night
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi hyung jun , how are you when are u comming to america , we miss u here , fighting .
id1	id2	neutral	None	in case you haven’t heard , orono’s brian butterfield is the new #redsox 3rd base coach ! @USER talks about the hire on @USER at 6 !
id1	id2	neutral	None	another 4 hours of science tomorrow before i’m at my grandma’s for three days and kwvr for the hst and standard 4 on saturday ! #weekendplans
id1	id2	positive	None	quevega is even money to win the world hurdle with @USER well happy thursday to me #sheisthefemalebigbuck’s
id1	id2	neutral	None	to all of you watching kina grannis tomorrow , its still a go . stay safe everyone ! @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	25-year-old dallas seavey wins iditarod - dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race tuesday , becoming the y ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER on mtv hits in 30 minutes taking us behind the scenes of her under the sun video
id1	id2	positive	None	#news pepe reina believes the stylish manner of liverpool’s 3-0 victory over fc gomel on thursday ... URL ( lfc website )
id1	id2	positive	None	if anyone had to take the history ogt tomorrow i’d be happy to take it for you ! #bestsubject
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER <3 ... but you really shiuld go to bed since you got hspa tomorrow k babe :) i love you !!! mwaxhhh : * night <3 ^.^
id1	id2	positive	None	wish you happy holi - 08 march : puthumugangal thevai ... : information about science & technology course ... URL #asematy
id1	id2	negative	None	the bucks ’ john henson is hit at the knee by a falling ilyasova . doesn’t look good . he goes to the locker room . bulls up 85-75 , end of 3rd .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER perfect day at peover park yesterday . lots of fun , sun and more dogs than crufts . nice man bought knutsford bear from khc stand .
id1	id2	neutral	None	5th ward bout to run nitemoves tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	apr ? s le bacc , i’m going to work in usaid and unicef , that’s for sure !
id1	id2	negative	None	roll on thursday when i can get back to the gym ; 6 weeks of doing nothing but drink and eat crap since leeds festival is taking its toll #fat
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i have a feeling that on vinyl may be the ultimate way to listen to aja . i’d love to have this ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	champion hurdle tips - hurricane fly bidding to retain the champion hurdle : ruby walsh riding hurricane fly on t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	kim hyung jun gives ss501 fans much needed reassurance about the fate of the group . read it all here !... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	les 1d aiment le soleil let’s go crazy crazy till we see the sun i wanna stay uan and jump around untill we see the sun i’m a sun !
id1	id2	neutral	None	who is ready for the wvu tailgate ? stop by in front of the lair next wednesday from 10am-noon for food , games ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	after a day of racing , the 2nd floor is ready to get to the comcast center for the annual formal crew dinner #newshoes #newjackets #sameswag
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 22nd birthday kendall francis schmidt ! i love you forever ! rushers will always be here for u . god bless . mwah mwah : * @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	susan boyle lives the dream - sunday night - yahoo ! 7 news - yahoo ! 7 tv URL via @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER does anyone else find it odd #mccann jumped on april jones bandwagon , but didnt say word about tia sharp where family involved ?
id1	id2	negative	None	sp says quota bill unconstitutional : samajwadi party on wednesday dubbed as unconstitutional the bill to provi ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER can i have my dance mix for flava please ? i’m the last class on a thursday night at reynella . :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lets bounce to wrestlemania 29th in nyc . undertaker is truly the last one left of the 90s era . the rock gon compete too
id1	id2	neutral	None	chuck close shares his best-kept secrets with @USER on the eve of his new show , opening thursday @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you me and @USER should skip knaus ’ class tomorrow morning and go get breakfast at perkins :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	ufo goes into volcano | october 26 , 2012 | mexico | what do you guys think ? URL #paranormal
id1	id2	positive	None	to set the record straight i actually like @USER i finish first 1/4 of the gospel project this sunday & we went to byu together .
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait to watch the debate tomorrow night . if romney grills obama as hard as he did gingrich in fl , romney will wipe the floor with obama
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER - live webcast tomorrow 3:30 pmet with former @USER secretary gen . kofi annan : URL #fpannan
id1	id2	negative	None	depending how late we work tomorrow it’ll be a nightmare getting back into weho from downtown with smb shut down for the halloween carnival
id1	id2	neutral	None	released 1st open source version of karm . a task management application in lua . check it out URL
id1	id2	negative	None	kirko bangz is the weakest nigga in the game i smoke weed with that nigga in 8th grade off edgebrook i thought he was lame then n still do
id1	id2	neutral	None	am going 2 b on lock dn from now till fri morning in the studio . @USER vol1 drops on the 8th 3pm . i’ll b @USER on fri thou
id1	id2	positive	None	a great way to get wednesday going . a cbs college sports piece on coach rodriguez and the arizona football program . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	gresh and zo discussed the celtics season opener loss to the heat on tuesday night . rajon URL
id1	id2	negative	None	typical americans . will talk about toxic metals on a thread about holi . c’mon don’t be babies !! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	seavey youngest iditarod champion : dallas seavey won the iditarod trail sled dog race tuesday , becoming the youn ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER when mccann got our 3rd goal ian bennett turned and winked to us posh fans , he loved it #trueposh
id1	id2	negative	None	i’m so tight because i’m taking the hspa tomorrow and am gonna miss some of my classes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	. @USER hey karm , will i see you tuesday at @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	think i might go see the zac brown band in december at joe louis ! anyone interested in goin ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	spartan wod for thursday , 9.27.12 the less effort , the faster and more powerful you will be . -bruce lee ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the announcement on @USER about #magic johnson . amazing documentary- a must watch .
id1	id2	neutral	None	child support division of hosts employers symposium bridging the gap this friday #guam . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	flying on saturday - it is truly amateur hour today ( except for sidney crosby and chris kunitz ) #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	mark cuban : apple tv is a pipe dream and why the hdnet founder thinks that may be a good thing ( mike shields/adw ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	and whilst listening to dashboard with a hangover , i may as well slit my wrists
id1	id2	negative	None	senegal are disqualified from the 2013 africa cup of nations after a riot forced saturday’s game with ivory coast to be abandoned .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i wish i could meet you for my birthday .. march 16th :) before st. patty’s day heehee . i got your birthday on my calendar <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	student innovator of the year innovation palooza on nov 7 in brigham square , check out byu’s next big innovations ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	to all the school kids ... one positive note for the weekend . you get to set your clocks back one hour on sunday night as dst ends .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER bring the tenna in tomorrow gazza !! #thankyou
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER sounds like april may know the person that has taken her but just hope we don’t have another tia sharp case on our hands !!
id1	id2	positive	None	ucla coach ben howland says josiah turner is a great player but he expects arizona to come together and play well thurs .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER chunji ahhh ~ may you take more adorable selca please ?? : <
id1	id2	neutral	None	get on down to ab field in albion tomorrow for the qld v nsw shield match starting at 10am . promises to be a cracker ! @USER #bulls
id1	id2	neutral	None	engadget samsung’s galaxy s iii mini packs bags for november 8th uk arrival : samsung just revealed that the ha ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	knaus says he thinks we just had an ugly set of tires on the last run , as the #lowes48 is moving back up through the field . now 11th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the jasmine brand : bobbi kristina’s reality show kicks off october 24th ... will you tune in ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow night ... 10pm-2 in the morning ... armin van buuren , laidback luke and then calvin harris to end it ... bouts ta pop some illies
id1	id2	positive	None	hola muchachas , are you ready for a night full of fashion , fun and beauty . this saturday nikki beach miami and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER last night’s episode made me really want to re-read apples and cherries ( at least the 3rd time i’ve read it ) :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	only 9 days till i support laidback luke for the 3rd time & also la fuente on the bill @USER arches on the 9th ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pssa patron & doctors star ian kelsey will give a tv workshop @USER studio on sat 24 nov . 10 places open to non-members URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER omg . dude tomorrow , you and 1d will be breathing the same air . get a jar and get as much of the air as possible .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dear vips , we will be selling the cheering goods for big bang alive tour at singapore indoor stadium for the whole day tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER i don’t expect any changes on the banking and telecom sectors in near future ! may be after completion of wto talks
id1	id2	neutral	None	get up to date commentary on the medium term budget policy statement sa budget from deloitte tax experts #sabudget on 25 oct read more
id1	id2	neutral	None	los angeles galaxy vs colorado rapids - game preview - on friday , september 14th , the colorado rapids will travel ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it’s your 20th birthday chunji oppa !!! ^^ may all your dreams come true !! wish you all the best for your future !! fighting !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	come down and laugh tomorrow at loon lake bar and grill in waterford mi . with me and the mowtown laugh kings .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER entertainment , @USER win the pakistan’s 1st oscar award 4 her documentary saving face ... see pic => URL ...
id1	id2	positive	None	impressed with siri . asked to set an alarm for tomorrow at 8 am . she clarified whether tomorrow meant today since just after midnight .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dear @USER i need you to come to neb in feb , so i have someone to go to the outdoors hockey game with me . -ninja
id1	id2	neutral	None	victor did you see this ? dallas seavey URL
id1	id2	positive	None	biggie smalls sounds so good 1st thing in the morn . still tired but in a much better mood . * throw hands in the air , like i’m a true playa *
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rafa will play his third round match at the bnp paribas open at indian wells on tuesday against marcel granollers .
id1	id2	positive	None	in tomorrow’s debate , if romney is half as sharp as he was in this earlier exchange with gingrich ... obama is toast : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	at 18.00 ( gmt+1 ) , betis , currently in the 6th place , play against valencia , that are improving . soldado scored a ha t-t rick vs bate
id1	id2	positive	None	love the new mix by jason vernau live @USER beach miami march 11th 2012 by @USER via #soundcloud URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	30 seconds to mars - night of the hunter ( shannon leto remix ) - single - 18 sep 2012 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	do endsmeat ? sharon stone rushed to the hospital ! - oh no ! sharon stone had a health scare on saturday when she was ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	posterous is gone !! all data lost friday ? not even server message up today . i’ve lost 3.5 yrs of posts ! have you checked your posterous ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	kylie jenner’s runway for abbey dawn is going to be on e news tomorrow every make sure you tune in and watch it
id1	id2	positive	None	positive thinking ... after the win today newcastle utd are only 3 points off 5th position and 5 points off 3rd spot , bring on a surge #toon
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 20th birthday @USER god bless you ! hope god makes aoo your dreams come true ! love you ! happy swift day !
id1	id2	positive	None	cincinnati coach butch jones on saturday foe syracuse : ( safety ) shamarko thomas is one of the best players we have in the big east .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER : hope you can make it to maude barlow’s great lakes speaking tour next wed may 16th ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	team kumite in tohoku championship we got 3rd place !! this photo was taken 3years ago ... do you know which i am ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	awkward when marni in halloweentown completely changes people between the 3rd and 4th movie #imsickandnothingison
id1	id2	positive	None	here an exclusive video of the night that armin van buuren got the no . 1 spot on the dj mag 100 for the 5th time ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	final hours for 2012 stn challenge . groups working on first drafts . tomorrow 2 pm hst is the deadline
id1	id2	positive	None	downright ready to practice at the comcast center next monday . always have loved watching gary , brenda and turgeon work their magic there .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im saying hold it to a private area tho lol he gone be on worldstarhiphop tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	#dkepo chris rene : live & exclusive ! : x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the season tomorrow ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	next quiz is wednesday at 6:30 pm ( est ) vote at my personal [ @USER for what quiz you want : a quiz on severus snape or remus lupin ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tax inspectors on ’ halloween duty ’ in and outside rome : ( agi ) - rome , nov . 1 - in conjunction with last night’s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	got your tickets ? christmas stories tour with @USER @USER nov 29 , hot springs , ar , crossgate church ! tickets at @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER never listened to the 1st . hard to ignore the 2nd working at hmv ! but like most things , just got overplayed . agree on the 3rd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	set up for the bucks game and took a piss on one of the players seats . kevin bacon fingers crossed john henson sits on it tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	still playing with the spurs on 2k 41 wit many ginobili in the 3rd URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i can’t find a very wide range of binders for franklin planners in seoul though , so may have to stick with a year-long moleskine . mehh !
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the houston improv this sunday night performing with the hilarious raj sharma . if you , or someone you care ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	vice-president of the senegalese fa has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday’s home tie with ivory coast #africa
id1	id2	positive	None	one other possibility : hawaii . chow may be done with byu and hawaii may have better options from teams on probation for their dec 7 game .
id1	id2	positive	None	everyone make sure to make an appearance at the msa meeting tomorrow in mr. summers ’ ( also known as jj or j sums ) room after school !
id1	id2	neutral	None	on oct 27th , pm #noda visited iwate prefecture to gauge extent of the damage from the great east japan earthquake . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER jumpcity . vol1 is going to be on datpiff tomorrow !!! so check that out !! download !! #lightwork
id1	id2	positive	None	hey all ! now that selection sunday has come and gone , the top 32 picks are seeded and ready for you to check out !... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER and i don’t think it helps that tomorrow is labour day haha . yup , fingers crossed that some stores put it out !
id1	id2	positive	None	holy cow !!! rumours that gypsy is coming back - with imelda staunton as rose no less !!! i think i may have just got over excited ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	starting tomorrow , we’re tabling in front of gregory gym . work out , work with aiesec !
id1	id2	negative	None	it is too early to be talkin about throwin that ass at nitemoves on a sunday morning take yall hethen ass to church
id1	id2	neutral	None	pgs gold buyers will be in the st. patrick’s day parade tomorrow handing out special flyers and coupons to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so , crashed a wedding reception and andy lee’s bro was in the bridal party . how’d you spend your saturday night ? #longstory
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER have you heard any reasoned justification for making james pattinson 12th man ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER maybe 3rd team bro , he’s not better than trey burke from michigan
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow , elsa will launch the 11th edition of the world wide elsa moot court competition on wto law . stay tuned for more information !
id1	id2	positive	None	colan , robinson , simon , moldoff , and now moebius , their passing just means their stuff is more collectible . think about that , won’t you ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER u going to laidback luke tomorrow ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	hope weather clears for thursday’s mission to shoeless joe’s courtice for first day back at work #noworkforme @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	join me wed for a live webcast on cost optimization for it , for the smb crowd . URL << send your questions in ! #dellwebcast
id1	id2	positive	None	k guys me and nat are recording tomorrow so you can listen to our covers thanks for all the follows guys we love our angels !
id1	id2	neutral	None	ipad hd gets announced wed ... who’s going to get one ? me that’s who ... appleguy83
id1	id2	positive	None	eric decker catches his second td pass from manning . this puts broncos up 31-7 with 14:54 left in the 4th .
id1	id2	neutral	None	polish see dyngus day as their answer to st. patrick’s day parade : d’ella heschmeyer , center , dances with the kr ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	.. & i probably won’t even be on when justin does his rt/follow sprees cuz of the time difference . plus , he may not even tweet as much ( c )
id1	id2	positive	None	join me this sunday at the new thought community center in fresno . i have the honor of doing the service this ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	josh reddick was a big fan of that taylor kitsch guy from battleship when he was on friday night lights and had the hair .
id1	id2	negative	None	neil degrasse tyson says the 1st person to walk on mars is likely now a middle school student in china . sad . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i know it’s in january , but i can’t wait for winter jam !
id1	id2	positive	None	this may be the greatest thing i’ve done in my life ( on me3 ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	irish times : mcilroy the agenda for topical debate : golf : rory mcilroy may be on a week off , but he remains in th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m going to listen to dashboard confessional now thanks may
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i can get up for that . @USER you gotta get andy lee the shirt before thursday’s game
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER hahaha nat ! i feel a resurgence in the 2nd half #itshowyoufinish #gotheeem
id1	id2	neutral	None	i got tickets to go see iamsu in december in sac , who wants one !? $17 regular , you want to meet hbk gang iamsu $25
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER sadly this is affecting us too . relief turned down , rateable value up .. awaiting response about 2nd appeal from lcc
id1	id2	neutral	None	support the relief works for one of the most affected regions tohoku in japan earthquake & tsunami in march ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	merseyside derby proper goal fest so far ! hope for more in the 2nd half ! #supersunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching mtv hits ! the wanted chasing the sun !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes on both counts gary . listened to cit on radio h and w . with minute to go i said how wed let in 6 goals in the last minute !
id1	id2	negative	None	heads up : galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable URL
id1	id2	positive	None	s/o to my best friend j norm dedicating juicy by biggie smalls to my 21st in the club . that’s a fine end to the night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	s.l. @USER who’s coming to the beatport festival july 20th to dance there asses off ! ( shannon leto of 30 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER that pic is 9th and superior , ; looking eastward down superior ave . its the corner my mom always stands for st patricks day parade
id1	id2	positive	None	tonight at midnight ends sober october - and it’s halloween ! look out myrtle beach ! ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	when nba trades become official july 11th - i hear atl buys out the contract of jordan farmar . he will sign with a turkish team .
id1	id2	negative	None	york football staff member has leaked that york’s goal is to score 100 points against us and leave in 1st string for the whole game #true
id1	id2	positive	None	whos trying to go to buenos aires with me february 23rd ? armin van buuren & carl cox ! ... how does it get better ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	the gazette 10th anniversary book decade : in addition to the release of their 10th anniversary live dvd , ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday oct 19th and saturday oct 20th at club paradise , its going down for mca homecoming weekend . hosted by @USER x1 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	come and see sophos at stand c10 and c20 on tuesday , wednesday or thursday at #infosec and learn more about ’ complete security ’
id1	id2	positive	None	u guys enjoy la marina tonight i’ll b at nikki beach miami ... 1st pitcher of sangria URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	q2 8:40 . philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the kansas city 29 for 4 yards . 4th & 1 .
id1	id2	positive	None	colts game sunday with @USER #yeahbuddy
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL almost ready for the #huntsville building home & garden show , few tweeks on friday & away we go
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to the fair for a little bit with the familia ; * but somebody seriously needs to come to the fair w . me tomorrow ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	it has been confirmed ! one direction will be on ellen at burbank , calif . studio for a huge concert event on the 9th of november . mytachs day
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey you . go to the carnival tomorrow URL
id1	id2	negative	None	step 1 : put media-loving petraeus in a job where he can’t talk ( much ) . step 2 : absolutely crush him in 1st available controversy . slick .
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st photo with my galaxy s ii and my gfs little rotten apple URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wondering if this is the 2nd time michelle is proud of america when dayton shouted hail obama
id1	id2	negative	None	#bills mario williams not sure if he’ll practice today ( wrist ) expects to be more effective sunday . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER how was the series , sac 2nd gig ? love music , coz its yoko kanno ! cowboy bebop music creater !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wanna taste the sun : i knew how to rock was going to be canceled from the start . i mean i ... - ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dtn bangladesh : khaleda flies to delhi sunday : bnp considers the visit ’ very significant ’ as it is taking place ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	46 years ago today , new orleans was awarded the 16th nfl franchise - and the new orleans saints were born ! happy birthday to my saints !
id1	id2	neutral	None	peter garrett live online forum with principals 26 mar 12pm aedt . tweet questions to #schoolsfunding . info URL #gonski
id1	id2	neutral	None	okay sleep early tonight , wake up early tomorrow and eat oreo for breakfast . there , my life is all planned out .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tim byrdak tells espnny he will undergo anterior capsule surgery , hopes to pitch in majors during 2nd half of 2013 season .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER didn’t leverkusen reject a 20m offer for him in the summer ? i fail to see how his stock may have dropped since then
id1	id2	negative	None	nov 19 now also in germany for unapologetic . that’s so rude . but i bet we’ll still get the mp3 download on nov 16 ...
id1	id2	positive	None	if you’re not coming to the svsu vs . wayne state game tomorrow , watch it on cbs college sports or fsn detroit . it’s about to be hype !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER driving from nashville to atl to see rush for the 11th time ! second row pitt baby !!! yahoo !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the acc had a team ranked 3rd guy . florida state . until they lost to nc state . acc so underrated .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mgm grand sets @USER tackles tomorrow at over/under 1.5 . i’m taking the over . special teams monster #hitstick
id1	id2	neutral	None	lg may update the optimus 2x to ics after all , releases source code : the saga of the elusive ics u ... URL <-- full story
id1	id2	neutral	None	xyriel manabat teaches kids the value of proper nutrition in wansapanataym ( september 1 ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER idk who’s in charge of the b/g float ... but were floating this friday . you ain’t down ...
id1	id2	positive	None	#btg event , bridging the gap , november 6 fully booked - please contact l . s . spenc @USER to join the cancellation waiting list .
id1	id2	negative	None	you never forget your first love , not surprisec in oedipus’s case he saw her every mothering sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	taiwan court extends ex-leader’s jail term : < strong > taipei ( nov 2 , 2012) < /strong > : taiwan’s high court said friday it has extended ex ...
id1	id2	negative	None	watching les mis 25th anniversary concert . how long before the boy jonas gives me rage , knowing michael ball was backstage ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER say hello tomorrow from your high status line up and i shall hail to the vips
id1	id2	negative	None	i don’t like testing i’m glad i don’t have to worry about the cashee anymore on may . 8th (: passed that shxt !
id1	id2	neutral	None	richard bland is going to be my plan b , i need to talk to my guidance counselor tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody want to play some football tomorrow in doral around 530 ? hit me up
id1	id2	positive	None	& good luck to our lynx boys against centre ! remember that everyone roots for the underdog - i’m feeling an upset tomorrow . :)
id1	id2	negative	None	i get it now he told @USER tomorrow so she wouldn’t come . dang nobody likes calle .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER asa and kim bought me a swarovski rose for mothering sunday . i haven’t a clue what to do with it . it is still in the box .
id1	id2	positive	None	i may or may not have gone all the way to hot springs just for this .. #noshamenogame #ilovefood URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nooo :( but it wasn’t te official party but tuesday at moomba hopefully well win something
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd plenary with cherie blair and sanjit bunker roy #wf12
id1	id2	positive	None	#portsmouth : pudsey pays a visit ! - if you went down to cascades on saturday you’d be sure of a big surprise . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	grandmom’s pennies will be on vacation july 25 to july 30 . monday wil be the last day to purchase from #etsy until my return next tuesday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	umbc alert : due to hurricane sandy the campus will be closed on tuesday october 30 . check the umbc website for more information . stay safe !
id1	id2	neutral	None	back to edmonton , canada !... who’s going !... july 21st muddafuggaz ! URL shannon leto via twitter ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hollywoodcrush : ’ my super psycho sweet 16 pa 3 ’ premieres tonight ! prepare for the carnage with this clip : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i’m talking about what happened between hyung jun and u-kiss . some kissme accuse us of disrespectful
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER welll ya know st patrick’s day is in march & st patrick was a leprechaun so that obvs makes me a leprechaun as well as u :p
id1	id2	positive	None	monday madness is still going strong throughout miami ! come by pinecrest , coral gables , doral or miami beach ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you folks gonna let you stay over at nat’s house tomorrow night ?
id1	id2	positive	None	the audio booth is ready to blow the roof off the comcast center tomorrow ! are you ? #mdmadness URL
id1	id2	positive	None	lucky break in tempe to host beer wars ii : arizona vs . oregon : arizona state has its work cut out for it in sat ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	republican vp announcement coming tomorrow . lot of speculation that it’s the fiscally conservative congressman , jack kemp . -- nbc
id1	id2	positive	None	trust me to be at work when the new dlc drops tomorrow on me3 .
id1	id2	positive	None	this football discussion is pretty good , @USER may be right cam is the taylor kitsch of football . #fiyastarter
id1	id2	neutral	None	nitemoves tomorrow , who going ?
id1	id2	positive	None	the cit fighters they make me proud @USER @USER @USER tomorrow night is the night !!! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m headed to the oct 26 crab feast at jimmy’s in dundalk md with new generation ministries at the metroplex with ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i got myself alli simpson shoes you’ll see them on wed-nes-day (( but srsly i did omg ))
id1	id2	positive	None	sat watching school days #totps with my dad & the runaways came on ! i jumped up in excitement & he was like who are they ?! is he kidding me ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nina , could you share with readers , last year in the life of marilyn monroe , vol1 is free today and fri ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow going to kyiv ... but won’t go to school ))) hoho )
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just realized that the only ukiss member that hyung jun following is kevin ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	a rowldawg posted about #ice out in uk on aug 24 . link --> ice [ explicit ] kelly rowland | format : mp3 download URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	is it friday yet ? the capital home and garden show starts this friday ! come see us at booth #535 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	oh thursday .. listening to pandora 1st -> taking back sunday then it goes to dashboard & then old blink 182 .. pretty good start to the day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just had our 1st trick-or-treater in 4+ yrs here in the desert . caught me totally off guard- gave him a candy cane from a box someone sent .
id1	id2	neutral	None	burgundy wave : los angeles galaxy vs colorado rapids - game preview : on friday september 14th the colorado rapid ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this weekend daylight saving time ends . be sure to set your clocks back one hour before going to bed on saturday night .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy thursday , day before friday , international women’s day and happy 3 more days of the olympics .. yay ! xx
id1	id2	negative	None	dtn cricket : pattinson may be saved for a tour ahead of ashes : james pattinson may not make it to the odi tour o ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hey friends , dst ends sunday , 11/4 . just giving you a heads-up to set your clocks back 1hr before bed saturday evening . :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	invisible children’s new movie has just 30k views since launching on saturday . what’s the acholi for busted flush ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i thought international women’s day was on the 8th of march and the 9th of august is south africa national ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	unreal i turn 18 and second swing at the sats tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	gonna do a movie marathon with my friend today and tomorrow . twilight , new moon , eclipse , bd1 , the runaways , adventureland , ( c )
id1	id2	negative	None	nhk said that this is the 7th rape incident after world war ii , but this is the 127th ( #iwakamiyasumi4 live at URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	q2 10:30 . philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the san diego 19 for 7 yards . 3rd & 1 .
id1	id2	positive	None	vincent jackson injury update : active on thursday against the vikings , fantasy owners can rest easy : tampa bay b ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so i’ve decided to make oreo #cupcakes tomorrow with my sis @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 13th bday to my nephew sean parker ii ! auntie loves you grandpa
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow i will ballot for the kyocera dome shows ! wish me luck !! :d
id1	id2	positive	None	apparently , artpop is said to be released on march 8th , which turns out to be international women’s day ! get ready !
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday’s matches certainly more than made up for all the ’ excitement ’ that saturday sputtered through beginning with the merseyside derby .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thx for following #econokit - you may like to use #bizikent hashtag and rt/follow other local tweeps as per #bizitalk ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER congratulations on the 1st anniversary of msbwy from me and all the fco in peru
id1	id2	negative	None	last night when i told my dad he’d be hearing about the premiere tomorrow if he watched e news ... ~ certainly didn’t imagine like this :(
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER backed the other ruby . error . each way lucky 31 depends on scotsirish , surely quevega won’t let me down ? may have a punt on the last .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the official premiere of coffee & cameras is tomorrow morning , but vips , get the full show today at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	omg . jun featured in prepix new mv ? release tonight ?! fyeah .
id1	id2	positive	None	want to help reelect the president ? join us tomorrow at 7:30 in the cme upstairs of the union ! bring your friends !!
id1	id2	positive	None	los angeles galaxy ( official site ) >> wilhelmsson hopes to make la debut friday vs . rapids URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday nite/sun morning is end of daylight savings . fall back . * if you thought it was dark in the morning before ...
id1	id2	negative	None	wto barred china on thursday from imposing duties on certain u.s. steel exports , siding with u.s. pres . barack obama URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mere dholna sun- bhool bhulaiyaa- shreya ghoshal the real class ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i work on wednesday , if you come into dons with a batman costume on ill let you take as many mints as you can hold in your hands .
id1	id2	positive	None	no white t’s , no ball cap . $500 cash to the women in the sexiest red dress ... raffles for moet rose & a pair of red bottoms . september 1st
id1	id2	positive	None	selection monday ! right up there with selection sunday . #ncaabaseball
id1	id2	neutral	None	barcelona will be without captain carles puyol for up to eight weeks after he dislocated his elbow in tuesday’s ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	next upper room meeting this wednesday in the treacy hall at 7.30 pm . all welcome .
id1	id2	neutral	None	oh well . president-elect willard mitt romney it will be on november 6th , then .
id1	id2	positive	None	tia sharp’s funeral today , may she rest in perfect peace .
id1	id2	positive	None	i can’t wait to see all the riot fights in miami on worldstarhiphop tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	holy shit the guy who made kony 2012 is gonna be on the today show tomorrow . guys hes still alive #kony2012 #kony2012
id1	id2	neutral	None	bye bye kyiv ! see you in december : -*
id1	id2	positive	None	levi and elle playing lego while i’m just sat drinkig tea mwhahaha
id1	id2	positive	None	special thanks to everyone that came out to see us at the clear lake home and garden show last saturday for the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	starting tomorrow through the weekend , at the york fall home show at the york fairgrounds/expo center , you can ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	thoughts on josh gordon : you may remember when i posted a few hours ago about josh gordon’s pro day ... URL #ncaaf
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i know !! makikipaglaban ako ng walang sandata lang ang peg =))) tas sa ics , may sched na , with prof pa !!
id1	id2	positive	None	this friday night ! come on out and join us at tres amigos bar and grill for good food , good music , and just good ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	almost forgot to congradulate the kent state flashes for winning their 4th straight mac championship
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hopefully marq gets far enough ahead to get the ft patrol out to get us the 2nd half over-going 2 a st pattys party & get drunk
id1	id2	neutral	None	never march uphill with the sun in your eyes the wind in your face and your swords unsheathed . - cao cao in re : sun tsu
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’m going to stray from the path at hoosier dome in indianapolis , in - oct 10 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i will be a guest on anthony zepeda’s radio show , bridging the gap , tomorrow night 9pm est on ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER why would the raps kick the tires on jordan farmar ? would be a solid backup , even better 3rd string .
id1	id2	neutral	None	it’s november 1st ... so that means candy cane icecream has to be in the stores now right ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember that all policy ideas need to be submitted by tomorrow for the policy meeting on saturday at the morris hall , shrews , at 1pm
id1	id2	positive	None	wow .. may is national masturbation month URL is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait until it’s halloween ! def my fav holiday with st. patrick’s a close 2nd . what can i say ? drinking holidays are awesome ! lol #lush
id1	id2	neutral	None	november 1st - kicking it off the start of the holiday season w/ love actually followed by dashboard confessional for the loneliness .
id1	id2	negative	None	cant go to hot springs for the band marching contest because i didnt march at homecoming
id1	id2	positive	None	siri vs . google voice search- may the best robot helper win URL via @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	according the bnp’s website they are bussing people down from sheffield for the bbc paedo protest at broadcast house tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER could be similar to drose as the 8 seed his 2nd year in . don’t know if the cavs can make a jump like the bulls to 1 , but still
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is like the 10th selfie of posted today looks like im turning into alli simpson oops URL
id1	id2	positive	None	very much looking forward to the @USER @USER tomorrow with teengirl fantasy , @USER & @USER - chika chika yeh .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER game 3 of the finals will be played this coming friday , 1pm at the smart araneta coliseum . game will be aired live over at tv5 .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER september 22 is a bastard bearded irishmen half way to st. patty’s day party at mulligan’s . i’m going and erika’s going
id1	id2	positive	None	everybody best be at seaholm tomorrow night at 7 to watch the maples soccer team take on andover . no mercy will be shown .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to myrtle beach tomorrow with the fraternity lets get it
id1	id2	positive	None	URL is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it sun city vvv
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER try your third year in a place equilavilent to leeds festival toilets on the sunday .
id1	id2	negative	None	2 tires looked to be a bad decision for knaus . went from dominant to struggling to stay in top 10 in 3 laps . now 7th just in front of 5 , 29
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out #5 in the conference power rankings ! we’re coming for you next , big ten . #maction URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember kony 2012 : 20 april cover the night ? any evidence of activity in london ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yes , but mothers ’ day comings from mothering sunday , doesn’t it ? whereas fathers ’ day is just a sop to stop them complaining .
id1	id2	neutral	None	if anyone is headed charleston way this sunday 11/4 & has an extra seat , message me . i’ll buy the gas .
id1	id2	neutral	None	texans meet back up with mario williams this sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	federal reserve sticks with stimulus : the federal reserve made no major policy changes wednesday , deciding to stick to its plan of st. ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	friday is pi day , gonna get round on pi day ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#mubb picked 7th in the preseason big east coaches poll . no individual honors for buzz williams ’ squad . l’ville’s peyton siva preseason poy .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ok unless i hear some outrageous rumor ... im cop heemfording the ipad hd by friday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER are the big hst sets innocent , going to be on an xc one saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	i posted 10 photos on facebook in the album super saturday at adam rogers park URL
id1	id2	positive	None	excited to be presenting cloud computing for smb’s at the centenary chamber of commerce on november 6th
id1	id2	neutral	None	on sunday the 23rd of septemer , big time movie will air here in australia .
id1	id2	neutral	None	former minister & slfp member najeeb a majeed may appoint as cm of the eastern province . but , can’t confirm the news still
id1	id2	positive	None	i can’t wait for the @USER cinderalla collection ! i know what i’m doing on friday ( pay day) !
id1	id2	positive	None	knaus tells johnson , good news is we’re only 27th where he started but they were 4th before their problems . jj says going to the front
id1	id2	neutral	None	gpb isakson says us will avoid fiscal cliffgpbin a talk thursday at the atlanta press club , u.s. senator johnny ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER got the nit tournament tell ya chapter we play tomorrow 10am at dula gym
id1	id2	neutral	None	kim hyung jun - football team the 2nd a match at yeongdeungpo-gu daerimdong [ 12.10.27 ] credit : tlsxhah #8 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you guys are in the fresno area tomorrow evening go hang out with us at kuppajoes ! we’re playing with limits ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good job chicago bulls 1st win of the new season and derrick rose wasn’t even on the court
id1	id2	neutral	None	#barcelona : left back jordi alba is out of game vs #getafe through illness but , skipper carles puyol is back for the saturday encounter .
id1	id2	negative	None	daylight savings time is sunday folks .. and we fall back .. maybe that will give some of you lethargic losers a reason to be early to work .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer lawrence is the next meryl streep hahahahahahahahshajkshjkahsjkhanj . lsdshadjkh morta ft . cremada e jogada no mar como oferenda
id1	id2	negative	None	wade be playing like tracy mcgrady in the 1st half lol just losing the ball an shit
id1	id2	positive	None	terra nova : the complete series is out on dvd/blu-ray tomorrow & @USER have an exclusive clip for you to enjoy ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	jennifer lawrence needs to host saturday night life . just think of how amazing it would be asdfghjkl
id1	id2	positive	None	watched a movie yesterday #the70’s on #ovtv and was pleasantly surprised to see michael easton ( john , #oltl ) in it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	putting together a preview story for the cmu field hockey team . they’re hosting kent state saturday with the mac championship on the line .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER haha oh yeah you’re right , who have arsenal got ? catch you tomorrow boys ! up the albion !
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie rose with chuck close ; robert rauschenberg ( february 27 , 1998 ): first , a conversation with artist chuck ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	more then excited to see my girls play ohio state on the 9th !!! ready to watch you dominate @USER ! #teamnd
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER swing by hollywood tans if its too hot for the dubai sun .
id1	id2	negative	None	what if yall catch me on worldstarhiphop tomorrow bc iget arrested at the k.l. concert for trying to rape him thoo .___.
id1	id2	negative	None	book depository may be cheap but the inferior printing quality of some of their products is almost not worth it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	forecasting with dashboard confessional’s so impossible ep & swiss army romance on this cool november 1st morning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	see tomorrow on my blog . paris fashion week day 3 + viktor & rolf show #pfw #givenchy #alexandermcqueen #par URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	cheap colts jerseys : yahoo ! sports news beijing standard time on april 25th at two forty-five in the morning ( local ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER just went to hmv and meek mills album don’t come out till monday #pissed #dreamsandnightmares #dreamsandnightmares
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER that may be true , but reagan did not increase the defect to this extent . this is absurd . you and i both will be paying
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday @USER one of my first new friends at marshall and one of my best friends now ! <3 you !! happy 18th birthday betch ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha i shall . (: what are you two doing tomorrow night ? ill try to come up to tempe with a friend or two (:
id1	id2	negative	None	top 5 pgs rondo , rose , deron , paul , ???... don’t kno the 5th
id1	id2	negative	None	so sad to see the broadwalk in atlantic city destroyed , we were only there back in april - hope they can rebuild it #atlanticcity #sandy
id1	id2	positive	None	this just in ! we will be going to kentucky aug 25th for a big pool party show ! time to get nekkid ! woo hoo !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	4 free nascar tickets to the lvms truck race this saturday in vegas ( dayton or carson city ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	valentine’s just keeps getting better for me . saw the trailer to my super psycho sweet 16 part 3 and it airs on mtv march 13th ! yess !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	samajwadi party’s parliamentary board will not meet tomorrow to decide the future course of action . next meeting no decided yet .
id1	id2	neutral	None	600 people will pack st patrick’s cathedral later this morning to watch father paul bird be ordained as the 8th catholic bishop of ballarat .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to watch fashion king after 1 litre of tears and the sun that embraced the moon i think
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER it’s a formal disqualification as the match v ivory coast was abandoned . they may also face a ban from 2015 tournament .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER it’s easy when your blue !!! hope the toon beat the smb tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	i did just remember that tomorrow does 1d comes to sweden for xfactor sweden !! i wish i could go ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER one hour of extra sleep this sunday ... dst ends ... how does that sound ? how sweet it is !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	mad tired , gotta get up early to work out , and i have work like all day tomorrow but yet i’m still up wait for @USER lol smh # <3
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in europe we celebrate mothers day on mothering sunday which is in lent but the americans wanted to be different ... i think
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do you guys know if alli simpson will be at codys concert tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	got a busy week this weekend ,,, goin to watch bolton wanderers on saturday and then going to my nieces christening :d :d :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	from espn : la liga : barca and betis march on , malaga held : real betis moved up to fourth in the table afte ... URL #ncaa
id1	id2	positive	None	chris mortensen reported that a deal is close to being done between nfl and the refs . could return on sunday . thank . god .
id1	id2	neutral	None	mtv : who of 1d will be the 1st to get married ? liam and leona ? niall and demi ? zayn and perrie ? or louis and harry ? diall
id1	id2	neutral	None	yes please ! entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun , 10 mar 2013 !
id1	id2	positive	None	weekly round up of transfer news and the fc gomel game . : i am glad to say i was present and sat in the lower cen ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	xyriel manabat teached the value of commitment in wansapanataym this saturday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	can we all just skip to christmas & winter break and then to march break then summer that would be perfect thanks
id1	id2	negative	None	jose iglesias is in the #pawsox lineup tonight for the first time since sliding into the catcher on sunday . he missed three games .
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 2nd act released onto the future-one line up is the massive organ donors ! 30th november @USER nightclub , falkirk . #nutcases
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER didn’t ipoop just came out with 3rd gen ijunk not to long ago ? why the 4th ??? cuz they can not compete with samsung , asus , nexes ..,,..
id1	id2	neutral	None	#texans : top supplemental draft prospect josh gordon conducted an individual pro day workout with the texans on tuesday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ryan braun went 0-for-2 with a walk in saturday’s cactus league game against the angels
id1	id2	neutral	None	what could possibly be going on here tomorrow ? #iphone5 #apple #yerbabue @USER buena center for the arts URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	lvms prepares for nascar weekend , busy schedule of racing : by mark anderson nascar weekend will garner just abou ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#chargers are on the board with a philip rivers 4 yd td pass to eddie royal . they lead the #chiefs 7-0 early in the 1st quarter . #nflfantasy
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good to see you supporting sunnybank on saturday . haha
id1	id2	positive	None	pepe reina believes the stylish manner of liverpool’s 3-0 victory over fc gomel on thursday night could be a sign of things to come
id1	id2	positive	None	doing it big for @USER 22nd birthday with @USER @USER thanhnii #hallowe @USER grand at foxwoods URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can it get much better than three tv’s saturday night with ws g3 , um @USER and nd @USER all going at the same time ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	so like next semester the music will progress to dashboard confessional , taking back sunday , and brand new ?
id1	id2	positive	None	fri & sat |hyatt regency indian wells , ca & fitz kjjz| 102.3 fm . come join us for the grand re-opening party in ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	never knew moebius though . looked like a cool artist ! why do all the great artist always die in march ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	i can’t wait till my show in elizabeth at club paradise on saturday ima be wavy and turnt the fuck up !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER - st patricks day with u guys on #script3tour don’t mind which is 1st/last as long as hear the amazin #i’m yours
id1	id2	positive	None	#inmiddeschool i got my 1st cell phone . i was too happy i got that phone . it was a kyocera flip phone lol ahh those were the days lol .
id1	id2	negative	None	malaysia s airasia x to suspend iran service : malaysia : long-haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it w ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nice little write up in the gazette , good job cosmostanza !!! the first grannyfest should be great fun , this saturday 4:30 - 11:00 !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	bayern munich thrown his first defeat in the bundesliga at the hands of leverkusen : bayern munich lost on sunday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good morning from the eternal city where the sun is shining and world is well . proud of my @USER shirt , the union flag , and #yorkshire .
id1	id2	negative	None	during 7th sense audio launch ramcharan said it is our bad luck that a director like arm didn’t born in ap ! and it created a riot among tfi !
id1	id2	negative	None	sign of the times ? bbc news - encyclopaedia britannica ends its famous print edition URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	september 30 ( day ): mostly sunny early , turning mostly cloudy with 30% chance t’stms after 1 pm . 50% after 5 pm , some strong . highs 85-88 .
id1	id2	positive	None	big bauss , @USER i hope you’lld be coming to abj on the october 4th with solidstar and the rest ... plz reply
id1	id2	neutral	None	if i’m off from work again tomorrow , i’m spending the entire day catching up on the walking dead .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone want to come over tomorrow to hang with @USER brentley and i , bbq , work on bikes ?
id1	id2	positive	None	they’re unveiling me wednesday at the yerba buena center in sf . don’t know why , but i like the way @USER looks at me .
id1	id2	negative	None	it’s endorsement season . you’ll want to read tomorrow’s indian wells editorial . i’m thinking upset @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	solemn evening prayer to welcome the year of faith to be celebrated in st patrick’s parish , belfast tomorrow evening at 7.30 pm . all welcome .
id1	id2	neutral	None	rahul dravid holds the record f two 300+ partnership in odi’s ... 1st is with saurav ganguly f 318 agnst srilanka ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER super saturday deserves a disc of its own ! doesn’t the opening ceremony have a commentary from danny boyle on it ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER himmatwala set for holi release 29 march 2013 .. sure shot another blockbuster 4 ajay.it will going 2 3rd in row .. bb , sos , himmatwala
id1	id2	positive	None	cold front in the metroplex ! happy friday ! :) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER were fucking going to taco bell tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	i posted 23 photos on facebook in the album abbey dawn at new york fashion week - backstage ( 10 sep 2012 ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	is it coincidence that the jets wear green ? celebrate halfway to st patrick’s day this sunday with nfl football !... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	winter jam is all set up ! the artist line up and tour dates will be announced on october 30th ! who do you hope is going to be announced ?
id1	id2	positive	None	spent the majority of my day riding boris bikes , playing a crazy game of frizbi and just general lobstering in the sun :) #summer2012
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER s/o to the club crucial fam ... best service in town .. open monday -thursday-saturday ... 2517donald lee hollowell < #str8likedat !
id1	id2	positive	None	juniors ! class shirts are on sale now . $10 . please give the money to @USER asap . preferably by the end of monday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	( phone arena ) lg may update the optimus 2x to ics after all , releases source code URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	trey burke tries to follow his older big bro sully with enrolling in the nba draft ! what’s your say so should he go or stay ! i say stay !
id1	id2	neutral	None	jennifer aniston at the cfda/vogue fashion fund event at chateau marmont in l.a. on october 25 . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	center stage with mark gordon live tues . at 7pm ( pst ) on kxlu los angeles , 88.9 fm and URL feat . interviews with filmmakers
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey , june ! his world tour will be at singapore indoor stadium on 10 november ! haha , interested to go for it as well ?
id1	id2	positive	None	the hunger games @USER may the odds forever be in your favour .
id1	id2	negative	None	coming up in your weekend argus tomorrow : kalk bay waves cause some damage in the area .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to @USER playing main stage sat 13.25 with cat dowling , then deezer stage sat 19.45 with violet roadkills ! see you there !
id1	id2	positive	None	quevega looks plenty short enough at 11-10 for the world series hurdle at punchestown on thursday . would much prefer voler la vedette @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	nascar : win moves bowyer to 4th in chase standings : until then , he’s just fine walking to victory lane . bowyer a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	had a good day of ball with the slackers today finishing undefeated in our pool ! gonna rest up and looking forward to more ball tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER better show up tomorrow against the spurs
id1	id2	neutral	None	april jones , tahiti , cuba ? what’s with total new york coverage ? #uncareingworld
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to playing w/sf contemporary music players tomorrow at yerba buena center for the arts ! what a fantastic group of musicians !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i don’t care if sean parker thinks he has me by the balls ( URL i may stop using spotify if this continues
id1	id2	neutral	None	#bahrain #nuwaidrat : the march our nabeel won’t broken starts in solidarity with the steadfast figures nabeel ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow night : gonna try to do dms to austin mahone , cody simpson , & alli simpson for the people that want them ! (: late night though !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER rob zombie with marylin manson tomorrow at the hammerstein ballroom . i’ll be there .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i’d ask my roommate how he felt about the spurs , but the answer would take til tomorrow morning . that sob got me sick too !
id1	id2	positive	None	i’m so excited about tomorrow ! get to dress up as a witch for the little kids at my job , then 2pac and biggie smalls at night with #oomf
id1	id2	positive	None	super sunday football indeed ! love the merseyside derby !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER its better you come tan at hollywood tans in jbr instead of burning in this mad sun ... call us on 04 458 4004
id1	id2	neutral	None	appearing on the cover of the august 19th . issue of time magazine , bob dole and jack kemp are featur URL
id1	id2	positive	None	university are your 2012 queensland premier rugby champions , winning the hospital cup 46-20 over sunnybank at ballymore on sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	URL is awesoomeee ! i got laid last night bc of it #followfriday kings
id1	id2	positive	None	acura of oakville is proud to be taking part in the walls of hope fundraiser tomorrow at shoeless joe’s in ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i may end up just watching more nhk tonight . feel too nauseous to do any actual gaming before bed . have to get up at 5 am tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey michelle , hope u r well , i just watched saving face 4 1st time , what a lovely film , well done u ! xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’ve been instructed by bucky to make both an oreo cake and oreo parfaits tomorrow . what a busy , busy bee i am .
id1	id2	positive	None	these last two weekends were just overall amazing . now i gotta sharpen up for sats on saturday . : $
id1	id2	negative	None	the vp of the senegalese football federation has resigned after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of saturday’s home tie with ivory coast
id1	id2	negative	None	these numbers have names : abdul-razaq darwish was killed at a checkpoint in baba amr , #homs today . may he rest in peace . #syria 7/6/2012
id1	id2	positive	None	2nd in the pub quiz tonight . tripped up by sharon stone’s iq and a tibetan fox , but we did make an excellent tin-foil ostrich
id1	id2	positive	None	at the risk of sounding redundant : comedy ! poetry ! thunderbolt ! wednesday 26th ! free ! #bristol #comedy #poetry #hashtag
id1	id2	neutral	None	the one who take a role 2nd lead on fashion king ???
id1	id2	negative	None	universal credit may leave people worse off , uop research undertaken with centre for social & economic inclusion shows : URL
id1	id2	negative	None	galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other touchwiz devices may also be vulnerable
id1	id2	neutral	None	kuala lumpur -- the long-haul arm of budget carrier airasia said monday it would suspend operations to iran , cit ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	may the billions be with you ... lucas sells out or cashes in ? : los angeles , calif . - in one of the biggest surprise ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	zanjeer 1st schedule completed & ramcharan is happy with the output
id1	id2	positive	None	big time movie is on at 3(est ) tomorrow ! make sure you watch the greatest movie ever :]
id1	id2	positive	None	last day of pssas tomorrow :) #yes #yeahbuddy !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah the freak tim byrdak brought the chicken in the clubhouse . 2nd rate move by 2nd rate organization
id1	id2	positive	None	matta doesn’t know how to view being ranked 4th in the country and 3rd in the big ten , except the conference must be really good .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hmm i usually don’t watch b/g shows but i may have to make an exception for something like that ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you’re going to dayton tomorrow !? i’ll be there all weekend !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	new song by 50 cent performing riot remix with 2 chainz 2nd song off of 50 cent’s upcoming gangsta grillz ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	release me from the pain awesoomeee ! how crazy URL bynum
id1	id2	neutral	None	get ready for information on winter jam tomorrow with shine 105.9 URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER big ben gets forgotten because his sb wins weren’t memorible . 1st was the bus show . 2nd feel on deaf ears cause it was vs cards#
id1	id2	negative	None	here it is !!! my message bridging the gap from this past sunday morning ! warning ! some may not like it , cuz it ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	chunji’s one wish was for teen top to get 1st place on a music program . can you guess what day that was when they 1st won ? #1005chunjiday
id1	id2	neutral	None	crazy saturday night of apples to apples with @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	coming to news stands near you ! best conservative magazine on the block . features my essay on gop needing new jack kemp URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah this sunday it’s in st patrick’s hall then prob go out after #getinvolved b good to get everyone together
id1	id2	positive	None	u10s travel to iniskeen tomorrow in school final , futures bright for the sons of st patrick ... good luck lads .
id1	id2	negative	None	wait , don’t tell me he ranked 7th ? as fashion king , really ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i’ll just go naked tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : nationalpostsports : the buzz : the steelers shut down robert griffin iii and the redskins on sunday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	can’t wait to take my girl to nottingham on the 8th of march for her birthday . hilton hotel here we come !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you think mr. calle let practice with you guys , cause i don’t have practice tomorrow ??..
id1	id2	neutral	None	southampton’s richard bland is -9 after his 2nd round in the madeira islands open on the european tour . currently tied 4th , 3 off the lead .
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have our pcc candidate @USER speaking at the morris hall , shrewsbury this friday at 7.30 pm . fb event here URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so glad i got to meet you in the flesh last friday @USER for soundboard !
id1	id2	negative	None	iona is off tomorrow so like ... damn tus you fuckin up . #thisbetterbeajoke
id1	id2	neutral	None	iight lemme stop bs-ing ! over the hatch and down it goes ! my 1st ( prob last ) time drinking tequi @USER lair URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah girl , disney tomorrow and zac brown on saturday ! let’s have lunch saturday if you’re not busy
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER me & colton are supposed to carve one tomorrow ! is it gonna be hard ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	kajal will act 2nd time with ramcharan , mahesh , ntr , raviteja , karthi
id1	id2	neutral	None	berita union picketing brings a temporary halt to 2nd-season production of the nbc reality show ’ fashion star . ’ ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	think a spontaneous sojourn to the city of light may be in order . its all paris fashion week’s fault ...
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ramcharan and upasana getting tied to a new zanzeer of life and may god make this zanzeer stronger and stronger day by day
id1	id2	negative	None	they are both jealous of the other . calli came over and laid down in my lap so cole sat on the couch beside URL
id1	id2	positive	None	be inspired by a stunning fashion parade from cit fashion students at the belconnen arts centre melbourne cup lunch , it’s on 6 november .
id1	id2	positive	None	fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door . and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints ...
id1	id2	positive	None	it would make my day tomorrow if i could get a picture with chane behanan , peyton siva , gorgui , or angel nunez . or even mangok .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER will do brothaaa . i might be going to the ohio state vs . nku game on december 1st @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	doing the stairs to the 4th floor of the paley library will keep you in shape . #steep
id1	id2	neutral	None	who did you meet in edinburgh castle this evening ? oh , just bill joy , vc and founder of sun microsystems #wtf ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	lindsay lohan may say the producers of liz and dick promised to pay her enormous bill at the chateau marmont hotel
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER definitely starting my weekend with rickard’s cardigan , several pounds of wings and monday night football .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi martina - am at st. patrick’s tomorrow for 10:30 mass . hope to see you then .
id1	id2	positive	None	at my final iwd event . bring on the bubbles ! #iwd
id1	id2	positive	None	three things i’m excited for monday : 1)addict dance academy starts 2)the hunger games comes out on dvd and 3 ) @USER is back with open !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	golf tomorrow morning test out the back looks like it will be sunny but cold
id1	id2	negative	None	lmao snottsdale , az = sluttiest place . i don’t think gelndale should get 2nd , give it to the tempe giiirls .
id1	id2	neutral	None	is t-ara done promoting or are they going to be in inkigayo tomorrow ? >.<
id1	id2	positive	None	the bulls will be the 6th or 7th seed . drose will hopefullycome back just before the playoffs . don’t see them doing much there .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i want to watch dance academy but i want to sleep . sleep wins i’ll watch dance academy tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	seven penny stocks on the move with heavy volume , april 24 : csoc shares have traded as high as $ . 18 over the pas ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the kony 2012 video for the 3rd time . this time in adviory .
id1	id2	positive	None	with all this love coming from the city , youngstown we better have that metroplex thang on a millie come friday !!! #fridaynightlive
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER our team is the most hated in the league . did you see lee and terry’s frustration tuesday ? welcome to the celtics !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yesss jks ’ twitter was the first one that i realized lol then i spotted jjong’s . it was from fashion king event on april 2nd
id1	id2	positive	None	someone runs the wrong route on 3rd and 8 , but andy lee saves it with a monster punt . special teams to the rescue ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	q1 5:55 . philip rivers pass to eddie royal to the tennessee 6 for 20 yards . 1st & 6 .
id1	id2	positive	None	we got lost in the eternal city on our 1st night & stumbled upon this treasure #italianengagement URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER lux was super dry even with lebron & saturday i went to cafe asia , super lame !!! i’m getting too old for this shit
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck on the dirt & lvms from the selby family
id1	id2	positive	None	if we could just send taks scores instead of sat/act my life would be a billion-trillion times easier .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER [ he smiled ] it depends what type of books you like to read . i like james pattinson . they may not have those here ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	from the soundboard will feature #georgecarlin and #paulmooney wed jul 11 3 to 5am summer fund drive . #donate #money @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER have u gotten ur tickets to see @USER at the mgm grand on thur , 11/1 ? if not , go here to get ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nike air force 1 ’ usa ’ 30th anniversary - see the full gallery on posterous as nike continues to celebrate ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	everybody about to be half naked tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER for the weekend ? no . for tuesday ? fly to japan from kyiv .
id1	id2	neutral	None	heat between the rock & hbk , the rock’s return and wm 29 matches : every friday i will open up the twitter mail b ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER we’ve lost hq to wills+kate+the olympics till mid september . i’ll have words . party on boris bikes tho ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you remember being king of the playground monday mornings ? i feel like a tooting&mitcham fan now days
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER that thar wiki also says iwd is aka may day in the us . legitimate ref since he’s making a us-based political argument
id1	id2	positive	None	hey guys , guess what !? i’m back at the lair on january 19th , it’s going to be bigger and better !! tickets go on sale next friday ! xx
id1	id2	positive	None	hope that the 3rd hospital don’t end up like fashion king . interesting in the first few episodes . but after that =___=
id1	id2	neutral	None	goals for tomorrow : big mac , hard shell taco from taco bell , dunkin coffee , ac moore , gasoline . i think that’s it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	;) seven penny stocks to watch with heavy volume for friday URL medical marijuana inc
id1	id2	negative	None	wow vick this is why i stopped with montreal canadiens .. foreign languages .. say one thing .. may mean URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i should drive up to orono tonight or tomorrow night
id1	id2	neutral	None	lmaoo @USER last time i hit a girl was 4th grade . i punched her in the nose for pinching me on st. patrick’s day lmaoo
id1	id2	positive	None	man it better be some blens out george mason friday night ... one of the prettiest big boys in the eastern province will be present
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we got to get that stuff for project , so tomorrow we can do it after weights and another ncaa tournament @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	lionel messi picks up golden boot as top scorer : barcelona striker lionel messi was presented monday with his se ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	very entertaining 1st half of the merseyside derby
id1	id2	neutral	None	tuesday’s two minute drill : smith center is red hot heading into the playoffs URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if anyone’s interested in some tickets for the zac brown concert on saturday the tenth , let me know !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER may ipad hd na pala ? i don’t even know what this says . but i’m tweeting it anyways cause it says ipad .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah buddy ( @USER voice ) can’t wait to vote tomorrow & go to the awards & meet the cast of my super psycho sweet 16 !
id1	id2	positive	None	ps . good luck to all yall hittin up the act tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	yo . it’s been 5 years since kina grannis wrote her song cambridge . a lot of you may know it from wong fu ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER arsenal have won three pl games at the emirates having been two goals down ; v bolton ( mar 08 & jan 10 ) and v spurs ( feb 12 ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	1d’s new music video comes out tomorrow which means directioners will try to beat the baab record then it will go on and on forever ok :(
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ? was from timot . he’s going to bengals v broncos on sunday . breathing same air as manning . #crushsohard
id1	id2	negative	None	so guys my internet wont be fixed till tomorrow morning so no ustream tonight so sorry but will have instagram later , tweet name then ! woo
id1	id2	neutral	None	ramcharan , v.v . vinayak’s nayak is d 1st indian movie to be shot in the slovenia ( europe ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	messi receives golden boot award : recognizes argentine star lionel messi on monday the golden boot award as the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	chris rene : live & exclusive ! : x factor may be about to start up its first live show of the s ... URL #celebrity #gossip
id1	id2	neutral	None	fresno , ’ off the map ’ on the schedule in january ; ’ terra nova ’ adds ’ whole truth ’ star zap2it n . . . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	love the euro tracks they play on #z1035 every wednesday night at city nightclub !! #tonymonaco
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday night in with toast , hot choc & @USER on e news #happydays
id1	id2	neutral	None	the game is tomorrow at 9 @USER gym .. i’ll buy you a snickers .
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday night live is going to have a ball with willard mitt romney . #romneyisajokefactory
id1	id2	positive	None	pop bottles make love , thug passion , red bottoms , mon claire , high fashion .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tweet b4 d chat so it’s all gud just wanted to find out if u will be in abj jan/feb
id1	id2	positive	None	could you guys tweet me , ’ big time movie ’ on october 12 to remind me , thanks ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	remus lupin sat in the kitchen of 12 grimmauld place , eating a piece of pie molly had given him .
id1	id2	negative	None	juniors playing powderpuff , if you aren’t at practice tomorrow you will not play , it starts at 5:30 pm , hope to see you there !
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may have caught a ufo engaging warp drive in the background of this photo . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	now watching : fashion king ... hmm .. after the moon that embraces the sun , ito nmn ang pagkakaabalahan ko . hooked n ako agad sa 1st episode
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sweden eh ? how’d that come about ? not yet , sxsw will b n march . when is ur behind coming 2 the u.s. ? ;) how’s the little 1 ?
id1	id2	positive	None	buongiorno a tutti ! sun is shining another beautiful day in vanuatu : )
id1	id2	positive	None	don’t hide under your desk ! it’s just a salsa bomb that we’ll be dropping on the metroplex tomorrow . fresh salsa delivery imminent ! #yum
id1	id2	neutral	None	for all my sophomores and juniors , the deadline for the google bold internship program is dec . 1 at midnight pst . if you any questions hmu !
id1	id2	neutral	None	wanna see eva longoria ? come canvass with us at 11 am tomorrow ! #womenforobama
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER wait are you going to the game tomorrow for reagan
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im glad you’re having a good time in cleveland sweetie ! :) & awsome that u will watch melodifestivalen with us tomorrow ! xo
id1	id2	neutral	None	about to watch kony 2012 video . despite 100m views , there are quite a number here watching for 1st time . interested in the reactions . #yuga
id1	id2	positive	None	sydney , newcastle - mon 3 to weds 5 september - spotlight on the road sharing the reporting , dashboard , franchises , @USER love !
id1	id2	positive	None	fashion star tomorrow ... should be a fun long day
id1	id2	positive	None	1-0 newcastle utd . cabaye places it in bottom left corner , his 1st goal of the season . what a start .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it’s mid-may ( the week after mother’s day ) , so hopefully you should be good .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow night ! halloween meltdown with nero dj set at hammerstein ballroom at manhattan center with gbh events !... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cosatu will be holding alliance rally on the 27th of october at rustenburg , north west 2 accelerate the implementation of marikana
id1	id2	negative	None	my hair gunna be terrible tomorrow beenie and cardigan is the move
id1	id2	neutral	None	for those not at cedar point on the 27th , be at #hallowfreakend ;) @USER legion ( 31775 grandriver ave farmington hills 48336 ) x2
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great article mr. rove , and as a military mbr heading out saturday for a 1 yr tour to korea , it’s very reassuring to see these #s .
id1	id2	neutral	None	everybody stop complaining about shaker is the only school thats gonna be open .. lets all wait and see about it tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	every saturday is st. patrick’s day at welsh road with live irish music ! ballina today w/ $3 guinness pints from 3-7 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thats it , i’m calling you out . we’re gonna fight . be at calle 116 at 9:55 pm on friday , if you don’t show then i win by default .
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie rose with desmond tutu ; bill joy ( october 5 , 1999 ): the archbishop of cape town , south africa and nobel ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#info --> grand opening sharetea bubble tea with @USER 2 nov 2012 mall taman anggrek 11:00 - 14:00 * jadwal ke-1 besok !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER why do you keep saying ipad hd do you mean the 3rd generation one ??
id1	id2	positive	None	boris enjoyed the view perched on top of bushels of apples at this past sunday’s haunted market . boris is a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER that is an excellent suggestion , i’ll bring it to the other eds . am i right in thinking iwd is march 8th ?
id1	id2	negative	None	chandy rules out ban on toddy : chief minister oommen chandy said here on wednesday that the government was not i ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yay ! friday tomorrow going to have korea bbq hotpot ! and then reading week !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	and the biggest surprise of the tuesday decs is as many as 19 taking on quevega in the mares hurdle !
id1	id2	neutral	None	want to keep bucks ’ rookie john henson company as he visits lambeau field monday ? click to enter sweepstakes . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	go native jet-powered at galway . available at 50/1 for the champion hurdle , may go over fences URL
id1	id2	positive	None	gotta take the taks test on monday should be a breeze it’s just english
id1	id2	positive	None	cme ~ evidence suggests combo treatment may be the best option for dme . posterior segment drug delivery is also key . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	flava ! you may have heard about flava flav but here’s the story in the link below ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just bought tickets to see george groves and ricky burns fight in december , can’t wait !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	highlights of the seaholm at lahser football game will be on tomorrow morning at 11:30 am on the cw50 detroit
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i was looking at the scottish kilomathon in march . are you about ? st. patrick’s day ( my half birthday ;-))
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully going to genera with physics , down side is its only 6th years who are going and i don’t talk to many #worthitbut
id1	id2	positive	None	x ’ )) * proud*r @USER [ prepix’s 2nd tweet rough trans ] like the expression , style , dance , rap and m/v too . it is awesome gd . korea’s pride .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah man it was nice , went to myrtle beach for the weekend . i get back on december 7th . everything good with you ?
id1	id2	positive	None	so issues with amazon have been resolved ! finally ! my ebook bridging the gap : understanding young people today will be released tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ahh i want to see prepix again tomorrow but i need to go to church haha
id1	id2	negative	None	galaxy s ii can be wiped by just clicking a link , other devices may be vulnerable URL #galaxy #samsung #html #vulnerability
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER when will your 2013 dates at the mgm grand will be released ? i wanna meet you for my 30th birthday on march 10th ! #bucketlist
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER changed her mind ? she bailed on st pattys , & now she def needs to come ! im thinking about leaving after work on that friday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nd projected to finish 3rd in the big east . has a major size advantage of qu .
id1	id2	negative	None	dammn yung tracy mcgrady goin to play in china really wish injuries didnt slow him down was one the best in the @USER my 2nd favorite player
id1	id2	neutral	None	i may or may not have asked hugh dancy if he had an hmv rewards card .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER just driving past groves . scoreboard says 22-15 , seaholm ... may not be accurate-i’m not at the game .
id1	id2	neutral	None	entered the cape argus pick n pay cycle tour happening on sun , 10 mar 2013 ! @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	the best of the 90’s with flashback tuesday at deezer tonight ! enjoy the best 90’s hits with biggie , 2pac & more ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	actually , i’m just ready for taco bell tomorrow for lunch . #fattweet
id1	id2	positive	None	i love robert griffin the 3rd !! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 4th is just great bc it’s like st pattys just merica #canttouchthis
id1	id2	positive	None	fashion king seems nice after watching the 1st episode :)
id1	id2	negative	None	day 3 : still got no power and takin like the 3rd cold as shower fml . fxckin freezing . reminds of peru lmao # URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	obituary : ramcharan nirmalkar : < ramcharan nirmalkar , 1926 (?)- 16 may 2012 > ramcharan was one of the pillars of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the @USER dance academy is back and bigger and better than ever before ! sign up for the classes next wednesday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thank god tomorrow is the last day for pssas !
id1	id2	neutral	None	passionate about cnis ’ work , be a rep at ten thousand villages in your hometown on mar 8 - steinbach 355 main street
id1	id2	positive	None	our first concert of the year is coming up on november 6th ( also election day ) . come see the 7th and 8th graders at mms !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER i never touched it so it was obviously tor , bloody hell gazza we’l get another one saturday ! xx
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can you tell me when an update for the apple tv 3rd gen becomes available ? the missing update holds me back from buying #appletv3
id1	id2	positive	None	great weekend thus far , gig with the boys on friday , gym and sold my car on saturday , birthday @USER today . booze free and saving cash !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER babe give me the link to thsk official site where i can see their may schedule
id1	id2	negative	None	deron just put me on punishment becuz i said i may be sleep by the time he may head to rhons
id1	id2	negative	None	aaahhh dam ! i am out of my favorite tea ! damit i have to wait until tomorrow to buy it now :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	we’re watching the apple special event live here URL ( tip : use safari )
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing giveaway win any book of your choice from the book depository ( under $15 ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	on july 14th , ten thousand villages supports @USER URL see how you can help .
id1	id2	negative	None	invisible children is at my school tomorrow to talk about joseph kony . you kind of lost your credibility when your leader ran around naked .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this will be the exact download site ... check it out ! the hunger games download here on nov 1st ! : >>> URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	reminder : daylight savings time ends on saturday night / sunday morning . set you clocks back an hour and enjoy an ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	aja’s treats for her friends tomorrow . the card says - aja wishes you a ghoulishly good halloween . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	new anime from shinchiro watanabe ( cowboy bebop ) with music by yoko kanno ( also cowboy bebop ) airing this april . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out tomorrow’s ca . i picked the brains of 4 of the city’s top arms -- brady bramlett , victor cole , david owen and john marc shelly .
id1	id2	neutral	None	attention juniors ! tomorrow is the last day to buy pep rally shirts . they are $7 and you can buy them in all lunches and in room 405 !
id1	id2	negative	None	i think the sun should consider suing the bnp over this - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	news > flava - flava will be taking over floor 5 tomorrow night , with some of the best hip hop , afrobeats and rnb t URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tell you who loves a weekend away !! @USER fancy a weekend away for crufts in march ? #ladsontour
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER anyone else noticed the uncanny resemblance between tgun and petraeus ? tgun’s dad may have a confession to make .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i start next monday . yay . argus is good . have you been up in london the whole time ? thank you !
id1	id2	neutral	None	well , @USER it may not be at afi fest , but you don’t have to wait long for spring breakers to play la - URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER how come you’ve been all over melodi grand prix and not mentioned loreen in saturday’s melodifestivalen ?
id1	id2	positive	None	the spurs beat the thunder 86-84 to win their 2nd in a row in the nba . t . duncan with 20 points and 8 rebounds for san antonio . #nba
