id1	id2	positive	None	im done writing code for the week ! looks like weve developed a good a ** game for the show revenge on abc sunday , premeres 09/30/12 9pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	dec 21st 2012 will be know not as the end of the world but the baby boom ! #2012shit
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hate my life , because i cant see you at the roskilde festival on saturday , promise me to come back again , soon .
id1	id2	positive	None	checked out our lady peace at bluesfest tonight and spending the day at the beach for hope volleyball tomorrow . gotta love summer weekends !
id1	id2	positive	None	hello from the foundation trekkers ! were up in chilly haltwhistle getting ready to trek hadrians wall tomorrow :-) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow we will be proud to play at the remembrance service at south hetton church
id1	id2	negative	None	impulsively bought resident evil : operation raccoon city . probably wont play it till tomorrow though . have so much editing to do with 06 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just arriving in madrid from moscow tomorrow going to hvar , croatia
id1	id2	positive	None	nataaashaann where you been ? dont forget about stratford weekend in grand bend aug 10 ( its free ! ) yn4j
id1	id2	positive	None	cainer was given a key to the city of sf . june 13th will also forever be known as matt cain day . #sfgiants #perfectcain
id1	id2	positive	None	knowing that @USER is at rum runners right now makes it hard for me to control my excitement for tomorrow ! #farmtour
id1	id2	neutral	None	just packing for a weekend in liverpool and the small matter of a marathon on sunday . first up though ... blackpool illuminations !
id1	id2	negative	None	your plans of attending the great yorkshire show may have been washed out because of the weather , so how about ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	by the end of today i will have worked 14hrs , done my workout and attended part of hot jam . hitting the ground running this monday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out this weeks the @USER scoop column looking back on sat nights win over the thunder ! URL #smashemsixers #bbl02
id1	id2	positive	None	three day weekend a head . tonight grand bend forracing , saturday grand bend with the inlaws more racing . sunday first #sting game for us .
id1	id2	positive	None	have you been inspired by ironman wales ? why not give triathlon a go by taking part in the fishguard go tri on sunday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	everyones out black friday shopping talking about what deals they got and im just over here like hey im eating thanksgiving leftovers !.
id1	id2	positive	None	ive found lyrics of kiryu - kaika !!! yes !!! but ive sat down to listen a song and write it already ... ))
id1	id2	neutral	None	jonathan kozol is the leading author on educational advocacy and social equality . he will be on campus wednesday ,... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER thats the 1st . 2nd : nadia & amp ; mysa about mysa break dgn adam . 3rd : this bullshit thingy -.-
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks to all those who joined uysa and the university of utah in celebrating youth soccer month last saturday ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well it was either that or watch you play raccoon city , so .. i think i may have won ?
id1	id2	negative	None	i wasnt around for hot jam , why is it even on a monday
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER performing at the kee on august 18th ? is this real life ? betches retreat ... #thisisourchance
id1	id2	positive	None	day 1 at the socal college fair @USER fairplex -- 1st person to get to our booth & amp ; say your story matters wins something special ! #doit
id1	id2	neutral	None	de la souls first serve project with live band debuts this thu 18th in meeting house square , onra supports on mpc URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i just googled it haha catelynn and tyler met first and butch and april have been married but they got divorced
id1	id2	positive	None	mertesacker is first choice for me , koscielny and vermalen should fight for the other spot tomorrow . he just compliments the 2 brilliantly .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody going to that 4th of july pool party in knollwood ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	new cher single coming on monday to itunes , womans world . this is the official streaming from warners on youtube : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	team ck vs demolition on november 17th at the american legion post 80 , main st. in binghamton ny . get your tickets now ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my daughter @USER will be 14 on december 17th ! we r going to see buddy @USER kirby center in wb on december 14th . so excited !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow there will be a new miss teen usa . make sure you follow the current @USER danielle dotys personal account @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	#tunewiki how to see the sun rise by ben sollee URL
id1	id2	positive	None	morning !!! soundset was popin and hot as a tity but time to waken bake easy the sun burn haaa
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hee hee ! do you know , that picture was taken after husband bought me tickets to see the ladykillers for the 3rd time .
id1	id2	positive	None	teddy bear toss , a brad mills goal and more fun from maverik center in a tough loss friday . see you tomorrow at 7 ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER a close 2nd is playing nothing but rse on my drive to soundset from california . then nothing but rse on the way back .
id1	id2	neutral	None	dr joe will kick off his australian tour with a lecture at the conscious club in sydney , australia , thursday , may 17 ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	have a lovely sunday and keep it mysa
id1	id2	positive	None	just only for true liverpudlian , download this song on itunes idr 15.000 . keep it on 1st in xmas chart ! #ipho URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	save the date !! next saturday , the 14th of december , circoloco is back at showcase - paris live club with dan ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	2013 marks the 100th birthday of the chelsea flower show . if youre heading to the uk in may , why not combine a ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	having the ny marathon on sunday is like having a parade in raccoon city right after the t-virus went airborne .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a new work , threshold , will be read by the african american repertory theatre of virginia this friday at the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i went to a remembrance service today for the 1st time and can say it was so touching .
id1	id2	positive	None	sun got the best of me at soundset #tbt URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out whats happening at the san diego county fair ( del mar fairgrounds ) this saturday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	my 1st bias in t-ara still eunjung jiyeon okay still eunji !! but plus danee now muahahahah so it being eunjini ._. lol
id1	id2	positive	None	transformers prime is being syndicated to the cw network for their saturday morning cartoon programming block . very interesting .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh let me know if you hear about whats on at sankeys 11th and 12th of january ? :) my 21st !! could just celebrate it at circoloco
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER might be stopping be the studio on friday . have any of that halloween candy left over ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the friday we got off of thanksgiving break
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks again for tix to last nights passafire show ! bout my tix to the rndm show for tomorrow night !
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope we watch the concert tomorrow .. i need to see danee !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got word we are stopping back in pittsburgh before the tour heads to ohio june 29th #partywiththepros
id1	id2	positive	None	kiryu to release 9th single this christmas visual kei band kiryu surprise their fans with great news ! the band ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow at knollwood , tyler graham and ashley mayhall compete ! any body im missing , let me know ! zoe is on vacation .. enjoy the trip !
id1	id2	positive	None	liverpudlian , david price defeats matt skelton in the 2nd round to defend his british & amp ; commonweath heavyweight titles .
id1	id2	positive	None	shouts out to big @USER its his 16th birthday today ! trosk is the best baseball player since kenny lofton !
id1	id2	negative	None	having to work a sunday but a sunday of the edinburgh derby #grim
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saw your concert at san diego county fair on june 30 !!! i loved it !! you guys were amazing !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	and youre all just going to have to accept the fact that ill be slipping in and out of the liverpudlian accent tomorrow ok okay
id1	id2	neutral	None	parkdale students , take a break from homework and head to the polish festival ! saturday and sunday only !
id1	id2	negative	None	dont know why im being a melt and just go circoloco tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	congratulations to @USER for being the first one from wv to ever be a miss teen usa 1st runner up !!! could not be more proud ! love you
id1	id2	positive	None	gah , i still cant believe i got to meet @USER at phoenix comicon , back in may . still excited about it !!! ( : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	feels like a monday . @USER kirby center for the performing arts ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	spent about 9 hours straight in the sun for waterparks video shoot , going to spend the same amount tomorrow at riot fest . kill me .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if you love pinups and burlesque check out the burlesque assassins film premiere in baltimore on nov 9 at creative alliance .
id1	id2	positive	None	had my 1st beef bibimbap today at westfield parramatta . never knew it would be so filling . 5 hours on and still not feeling an edge hungry .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching jiujitsu matches all day long , getting ready for sunday !
id1	id2	positive	None	omigod you guys i get to see holy motors tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	everyday im like shit is it the 17th yet !? did i miss the kiryu project !? & gt ; & lt ;
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone got peeps at #harvard ? going to hear jonathan kozol speak tomorrow . hoping they allow motorscooters at the bike racks ?
id1	id2	negative	None	lol , all the people on the facebook live chat on rock im park are real idiots . i explain them that evanscence have performed on friday ...
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoying some @USER for lunch today because its friday , and im finally finished with thanksgiving leftovers :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER painting the liverpudlian town red on saturday night anyone ? i know i am !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	omigod worst moment when you realise that its the last day of the holidays , school starts tomorrow and you still havent done your homework !
id1	id2	positive	None	funky mojos saturday with the girls , sunday my birthday , next sat circoloco then ibiza !!! loving life #happydays
id1	id2	positive	None	mdsl finals this sunday , july 15 at 6pm . come watch mysa take on the detroit hustlers at ultimate soccer arena !! ( URL
id1	id2	positive	None	gotta love it , and snoop is playing tomorrow night at bluesfest ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER were at the beverly gardens park for the art show . were here til 5pm !! art museum to the art park - perfect sunday !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER ... see you on fhv at 6pm ... and hope to see you at westfield parramatta on sunday at 1pm :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	youth soccer pictures are this saturday ( 10/13) ! check out the youth soccer schedules on our website !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i made a time-lapse video of the san diego county fair you may enjoy ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	were in hostile territory with these wny flash fans . 2nd half of overtime about to begin ... red stars kicking off .
id1	id2	positive	None	veteran day ballin . ... glad i dnt got no class tomorrow so im vibin
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER leaving for bacolod on the 20th ! having a sun cellular event in bcd . see you guys there !!! - omigod ! see you tom kief .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on 2nd thoughts let me watch the repeat show of styled to rock ! why am i not in this episode u get to design for kanye west cha : x
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER big fan of your work ! star trek , threshold , fresh hell , alphas , etc and may meet you in person at dstl ! yay ! you rock !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy bacon fat friday yall . copper river salmon rillettes tonight & amp ; the selena gomez dog . gonna be a good friday !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah so much has changed for the 6th . lots of combat fighting . and inventory is different . did you do raccoon city ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you and all of the dancers at ballet west are amazing . i absolutely love to watch you all every thursday . so talented !
id1	id2	negative	None	rndm has a beef with music videos debut album acts out on oct 30 , 2012 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER watching on livestream tonight you guys put on a hell of a show as always , see you in binghamton ny next saturday love u guys
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER haha . ive got to cut down mate , not looking forward to going through the warners . might try and sort small set tomorrow vestron .
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for all of the youth soccer teams today !!! go get a kick out of this saturday ! #mysl
id1	id2	neutral	None	mitch steele from stone brewing , our guest on todays wilk friday beer buzz ! click for the video ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	if you participated in our adult summer reading club , weve got a great program on saturday ! laughter workshop : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER love those sun mountain bags . had fun at lough erne - roll on the grove .
id1	id2	neutral	None	in a year focused on the summer olympics , winter olympian @USER received a win of another kind on august 23 read : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	blue news : today i am going to dry out the show gear whilst the sun is out . it got very wet at the great yorkshire show URL
id1	id2	positive	None	barbarians tonight for the mighty men of #freedomchurch in makerere university . and what a powerful message from sunday to get stuck into !
id1	id2	positive	None	were stoked to announce that our brothers in @USER have been added to the show on january 4th at rum runners ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing football with tons of thanksgiving leftovers is making for the laziest saturday of all time
id1	id2	neutral	None	another event coming up soon for poe august 4th & amp ; 5th at pomona fairplex . will fill you in soon !
id1	id2	neutral	None	cool out mondays goes down tomorrow night at the gin mill ... 10-2 grown folks only !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 2nd dyz - acid black cherry - dir en grey - dog in the pwo - kiryu - maximum the hormone - nightmare - plastic tree - satan -
id1	id2	neutral	None	the curse that is sunday mornings at the nationals strikes again , drew 1 - 1 with barbarians but finish top of their league .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy veteran day .. to the wonderful men and women who served our country .. it may be a tough job .. buts it for the love if america .. god bless
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER perfect for the week that contained international talk like a pirate day ( 19th ) ... arrrghhh !!! :-) x
id1	id2	neutral	None	so ive been sat watching the junior champs not realizing the london grand prix was on -.-
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im coming to see you you at westfield parramatta on saturday !! sooo excited !!! xxx
id1	id2	positive	None	seeing the nekromantix on thursday .. i shall wear mufe moulin rouge lipstick & amp ; my pug jack-o-lantern necklace , all thanks to @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	mt @USER sculptors ! have you submitted for new art park on telegraph & amp ; 19th in #oakland ? 36 hours left ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	de la souls eye know playing in pret - the perfect monday tonic !
id1	id2	positive	None	my cousins are coming up later for the runrig concert tomorrow nights . havent seen them in months
id1	id2	neutral	None	nearly mid-october ... best dust off the old misfits , nekromantix and nerve agents mp3s ready for their token halloween week listening #ghoul
id1	id2	negative	None	gc event update : fridays event fire in the ashes , with jonathan kozol & amp ; brian jones , has been cancelled .
id1	id2	neutral	None	todays thermomix creations , vanilla fudge for the scout fundraiser , moggill markets this saturday , bread rolls for lunches tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	nekromantix , the black rose phantoms , the spoofs and clownvis will be performing at the house of blues on dec 21 ! i got 4 free tix ! lets go !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER sundays stage is one for sprinters - who will be way down the classification so no threat to maillot jaune .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yep , it should be pretty good . did you see our interview with morgen about crossfire hurricane ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bizarre fact : remembrance sunday ( tomorrow , peeps ! ) shares the record for joint longest televised annual event with the chelsea flower show
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope my better half is feeling better today ! i will be so sad if we cant climb mount snowdon tomorrow ! was so looking forward to it !
id1	id2	negative	None	vermalen and @USER in defence ! belgium are going to be difficult to score against when playing their 1st back 4 #england
id1	id2	positive	None	watching nightmare before christmas for the first time in a long time . it holds up but i may be biased cause danny elfman sings the songs .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i believe i just got ur msg . so chill out ... splash dance happens every thurs night at surrender . its a pretty good party
id1	id2	neutral	None	veteran day video makes me think of 5th grade #mylife
id1	id2	neutral	None	i will be tapping stone brewing enjoy by ipa tomorrow at @USER weve got till 12/21/12 to drink it .
id1	id2	negative	None	catelynn looked like a straight up street walker the 1st season of teen mom .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER today is 1st day in school .. wish me luck , maite !!! #tqm
id1	id2	negative	None	arr ! last wednesday , on international talk like a pirate day , some pirates invaded mobius for a day of pirate science ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mr blue sky to make this friday even more awesome . quickly followed by eagles of death metal .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my piece on mehdi hasan & amp ; abortion on @USER yes , being pro-life does make you less of a lefty URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	well , i guess this is the last monday i can blame gin mill for my hangover .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER check us out URL @USER airs every friday on the cw network and covers charleston , sc to brunswick , ga
id1	id2	positive	None	if anybodys in the lechlade area on sunday lunch time come and watch my band et al play at the riverfolk festival . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just finished watching the 1st season of breaking pointe ( new tv doc about ballet west ) and was pleasantly surprised . what did you think ?
id1	id2	negative	None	i want to go for dance on friday but it seems like i cant because its nurses day on that and we cant skip it ! nuuu . hais .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i like that idea hehehe . interlaken is fun but we may see the tweaker again ... well bring protection .
id1	id2	neutral	None	wetherby reading club . 11 sept , 2.00 - 3.30 pm , wetherby library . places are limited . please contact the library for details : 01937 583 144
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day . drink some of this , and the heart of the fair maiden will be yours ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#bluemoon on deck ! friday morning with da bro and best friend @USER gin mill URL
id1	id2	negative	None	lol r @USER fact that almost all thestyled to rock candidates are on twitter whos ready for stalking ? they may spoiled a lot ?
id1	id2	positive	None	i think i may have a slight ( um maybe a severe ) addiction to the vanilla fudge quality streets . theyre irresistable
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just found out about binghamton ny next saturday - cant wait ! :) #spiediefest #roadtrip
id1	id2	positive	None	june 15th is now and forever going to be matt cain day in san francisco . and they gave him a key to the city . wow . #sfgiants
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER finally replying ! in brac at the moment , moving onto hvar wed , den dubrovnik fri , and fly home monday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	youth soccer continues this saturday . check with chandra farnsworth if you need schedules and times .
id1	id2	positive	None	did you know september 19 is international talk like a pirate day ? and a mighty fine day it is mateys ! arrr !
id1	id2	positive	None	next meeting - tuesday , nov 27th at 7pm at the creative alliance . see you all there !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	rival schools has just announced their australian tour dates this september . tickets on sale june 15 . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER model search tomorrow between 9am- 12.30 pm at westfield parramatta . applications available on the day .
id1	id2	negative	None	very disappointed to learn that the great yorkshire show has been cancelled @USER . had planned to go tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fact : trying to escape the bed in the morning may require some expertise in jiujitsu .
id1	id2	positive	None	im finally going to get to see rise against ! who else is going to riot fest on saturday ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for tomorrow when some of my liverpudlian family arrive for the bank holiday weekend ! :d
id1	id2	positive	None	everyone in the summersville area come watch our game tomorrow at nicholas county !!
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited youre coming home tomorrow ! love you mitchie . #onlychildprobs #imbored @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you baltimore for a great holiday heap ! my best ever today ! join us tomorrow at the creative alliance 3134 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to sing different summers on monday , by mitchie torres/demi @USER ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	just watched pulled apart by horses & amp ; band of skulls , & amp ; am about to see eagles of death metal ! 19th birthday shenanigans @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	the best thing about veteran day tomorrow : the kids are off from school so i can sleep until 7:45 :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	getting ready for knollwood p.s. bazaar , tonight and tomorrow ! details , see here : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	antonio carluccio may tweet about going to the dentist and napping but i still love him .
id1	id2	positive	None	veteran day is on the 11th , remember to thank a vet or soldier for the fact that you had the right to vote on tuesday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	in related news , there were no subs for the red stars to start the 2nd half . no lightning updates yet ...
id1	id2	positive	None	okay ?! omg ! ill do it tomorrow ! and baby boom ! hahah xd i promise ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	$1 daiquiris at rum runners tonight and i dont have class til 2 tomorrow ... yesss !
id1	id2	neutral	None	found footage festival : hey , whatever happened to that vhs tape ?... sunday , september 9th , the creative alliance ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just noticed mysa squared us in our friday game (-__-)
id1	id2	positive	None	climbing mount snowdon on sunday for #childreninneed with 6 young people from a home ... anyone want to sponsor me @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	been to the #woking remembrance service - now out delivering in support of @USER for thursdays police and crime commissioner election
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thats the 2nd best programme ive watched all week . jimmy mcgovern knows how to make drama
id1	id2	positive	None	new at forum : ferry from dubrovnik to hvar : hallo , we want to travel from dubrovnik to hvar on sunday 1 ... URL #croatia
id1	id2	positive	None	this just in !!! i will be performing in the nina tribute show this friday at the creative alliance !! as a special guest of jonathan gilmore
id1	id2	positive	None	brilliant that the edinburgh derby is at night on the 3rd ! cant beat the atmosphere of these games under the floodlights #hibs
id1	id2	positive	None	the view of the clubhouse from the 1st tee at lough erne yesterday ! best parkland golf course in ireland . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER gators soccer wins 12th sec title : the three points earned put florida on top with 33 ... URL youth soccer
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tonight , light up the night at our 2nd edition of neon night light . bring out those bikinis and splash dance ! & lt ;3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER what is going on young man ! teamltd misses seeing u on mondays at the kee for our casual drinks . catchup in toronto soon
id1	id2	positive	None	psyched that jeff shaara just released the 1st of 3 new books ! blaze of glory about the shiloh & amp ; the western theatre of the civil war !
id1	id2	positive	None	i want to go to grand bend for may 24
id1	id2	positive	None	got my sunday sussed out start with russian game , mk dons , edinburgh derby for starters .!
id1	id2	positive	None	on wednesday we welcome chef and restaurateur antonio carluccio to the store to sign copies of his new book . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	locked and loaded for igtoa this weekend at lough erne , home to lk tonight playing @USER tomorrow forecast looking good ! #linksgolf
id1	id2	positive	None	i love the new antonio carluccio show on sbs . beautiful food in gorgeous liguria italy . watch it every thurs 8.30 pm . #bellissimo
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER pussy riot : are you sure ? barbarians defended | herald sun andrew bolt blog URL
id1	id2	positive	None	going to warhorse at the winspear opera house tomorrow . really really excited ! anyone else seen this ?
id1	id2	positive	None	finally made it back from french storms to luton sun . and in time not just for acting debut 9pm but jimmy mcgovern on @USER 215pm
id1	id2	positive	None	made vanilla fudge , tastes incredible , making chocolate but stopped cus it got late , finishing it tomorrow :d all for @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow bradley wiggins will break the record for number days in the maillot jaune for a british rider , beating chris boardman . #tdf
id1	id2	neutral	None	2016 summer olympics will be in brazil , the 6th largest economy in the world . crazy fact : fewer than 15% of roads in brazil are paved .
id1	id2	positive	None	catelynn and tyler from teen mom are apparently going to be at bethany tomorrow ! looks like im going snooping ... #dreamcometrue #highhopes
id1	id2	neutral	None	this sat ., ill be at the whole earth festival in davis , ca . chatting with kim stanley robinson about sf and the environment , from 1-3pm .
id1	id2	neutral	None	highest accumulations from snowsqualls tonight to tomorrow would be between bayfield and grand bend along hwy 21 & amp ; se to stratford #onstorm
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER same here in detroit . come out to gin mill on saturday if youre bored . marks in town too . were going to partay ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i think i go tomorrow . cuz im on my way to my dad first cuz i have no money to go to interlaken t.t i just hope hes there tomorow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER have you been watching crossfire hurricane , the documentary , last 2 saturday nights ? superb .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER relax , you can now concentrate on finishing 4th and which one of wilshere , carzorla or vermalen you want to sell to city .
id1	id2	neutral	None	you want to see wrestling in binghamton ny , then get your tickets for this saturday as 2cw returns to the american legion post 80 . #iam2cw
id1	id2	negative	None	every time i see a runner slide into 1st , i see kenny lofton laying on the ground , arm limp like a dead fish .
id1	id2	positive	None	still got halloween candy ? : you may be priding yourself on the fact that theres still halloween candy h ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER one for 3rd eye arsenal v olympiakos vermalen falls off the crossbar into the olympiakos goal around 60th minute
id1	id2	positive	None	lots of appointments booked in for shauns trip to the satellite office in haltwhistle tomorrow . its good to keep him busy !
id1	id2	positive	None	2 hours and 15 minutes away from utah and alaska . come on over to the maverik center for friday night hockey . its always a good time !
id1	id2	positive	None	super pumped to celebrate with my k/1st graders who made it through summer olympics : training in truth @USER #lovekids #lovejesus
id1	id2	negative	None	thanksgiving leftovers loses its appear after the 2nd day ... gotta find some otha shit to eat today .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi jessica -- looking forward to having you do your ijnet chat on tuesday . hope you saw maites email .
id1	id2	neutral	None	a love affair with alliums - vancouver sun : a love affair with alliumsvancouver sunat the chelsea flower show , w ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive not read mehdi hasans article yet . when i do i may owe some people an apology . however , we need to keep in mind the role of religion .
id1	id2	neutral	None	climbing mount snowdon tonight , have a feeling a may need crampons , can someone ask @USER if he has any spare i could borrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	clear the day this saturday pepper , im going to kiryu .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER flying out on the 24th arrive at 4pm , straight to circoloco then cocoon heroes ! #nomessing
id1	id2	positive	None	may be leaving in may to tour canada with of temples ;) . beckley / summersville shows the first of the year aswell . see you guys soon !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy veteran day ! back in the day ! 2nd 75th ranger URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hope you all tuned into the chelsea flower show - some of the exhibitors will be at the kent garden show beginning on the 2nd of june !
id1	id2	positive	None	we are blessed with the writing of jimmy mcgovern in this country . long may that continue #theaccused
id1	id2	positive	None	watching this u10 tournament on the #turf at mysa really shows how much 1st touch and possession go hand in hand - for my hs team too ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	sucks that i left warners after they sign one of the hottest uk artists @USER cant wait to see her live in march ! #liannerocks
id1	id2	neutral	None	come see the performing arts institute performance of west side story at the kirby center in wilkes barre pa on august 2 and 3 at 8 pm
id1	id2	positive	None	fighter fit camp tomorrow at 11am !!! 1st timers are free !!! open mat jiujitsu at noon . its going to be a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER did you enjoy rock im park ? :) i was at the front = so epic ! see you tomorrow in berlin ! any surprises ? ;) linkin park rocks ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	who else is going to see catelynn and tyler at anthony hall on thursday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER its decent but not +3 standard yet , teeing it up at mj on monday . howd you play at lough erne ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	uber socialist mehdi hasan on #bbcqt panel for 5th time since #ge10 - more than any other panelist . does he have a season ticket ??
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER fantastic . best book my taxi from there to lechlade now haha ! going to be a great week ! you about after work next tuesday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	mpg may soon be on cws #breakingpoint ! watch every thurs to go inside ballet west & amp ; let us know on fb if you spotted us ! @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to citizens for public schools , inc . - jonathan kozol 30th anniversary cps lecture #event URL - go signup !
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos going to be our penalty taker next season ? id go for vermalen or cazorla 3rd choice podolski #arsenal #afc
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER blue murders 1st album . 6 degrees of separation with whitesnake , king kobra , vanilla fudge and rod stewart
id1	id2	neutral	None	click like if youre excited to hear our copper river salmon special ! check back tomorrow , 5/25 , for more ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tapatio lemon chips , thanksgiving leftovers and pimento cheese ... : if its friday and this post is going up , it ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jump in your car now ! tomorrow is the last day for star wars weekends !
id1	id2	positive	None	fridays poll question : what are you most excited for at the red earth festival ...?
id1	id2	positive	None	9 months from friday there is going to be another ginormous baby boom #callinit
id1	id2	neutral	None	limaland motorsports park tomorrow night to watch the woo light it up .. then heading to eldora speedway for the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mrs splash cant wait to meet everybody for the early years dance workshop , sunday am at splash dance . thanks @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	who wants to go see catelynn and tyler from teen mom with me on thursday ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	what i just realized re #retribution the date it came out here in the uk matched the day jill set off to escape raccoon city september 28th
id1	id2	positive	None	the youngest person at the main dining room at knollwood right now may be 85 years old . i feel like a new born
id1	id2	neutral	None	barbarians 29 ireland xv 28 - highlights - the barbarians defeated ireland 29-28 with a last-gasp penalty on tuesday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dont forget brad has got maillot jaune . he may have a long way to go yet but can do it , and we have cav too ..
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER 2nd half couldnt cope . they kept coming at us , shalke crossed , vermalen turned it in .. we were playing so well till just b4 ht
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER bryans australian tour is on april 2013 i just bought the tickets yesterday for the sydney concert are you going ?
id1	id2	negative	None	if danny elfman , john williams & amp ; walter murphy all died tomorrow , who would write all the film scores for hollywood ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	good night everyone tomorrow is the last day of star wars weekends :( & lt ;/3
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER do you watch styled to rock ? fucking lav it ! oh also lets do something on saturday then im going back to sheff :) x
id1	id2	positive	None	lance dehm racing qualified 11th of 130 cars at the ump fall nationals hosted at eldora speedway . click here for photos URL
id1	id2	positive	None	marginal gains wins le tour - @USER wins maillot jaune , @USER wins on the champs for the 4th time #chapeau
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER i saw him at soundset , not a bad show . he is headlining with har mar superstar .
id1	id2	negative	None	im fuckin joel skinners daughter ! you mean the same asshole that held kenny lofton at 3rd in game 6 of the alcs @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im only going to interlaken on the 17th . yeah sia i am always hungry here omg
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER this weekend we have circoloco but bricky is deffo the one on a sunday . camden is decent too !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER remember i was telling you about catelynn and tyler coming to my school well they are coming tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	you know when in hat yai , when theres no access security , there may be people knocking your door late at night offering services $_$
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER brad miss 5th pen , vermalen to draw and go sudden death ! but he misses and bradford are thru ! #capitalonecup #bantams
id1	id2	positive	None	if youre going to star wars weekends tomorrow , come see me at my very last #sww event signing ! come say hello and get some vinyls signed !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol i mean i would go , but itd be a lot harder for me ... lol just come back to ohio june 18th &amp; well see them in columbus :)
id1	id2	positive	None	on a break from the law world ... at roskilde festival , soaking up pre-fest sun and writing a piece on danish ethos ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	pro tip : dont attempt to visit the blackpool illuminations in a car on the first saturday evening of school half-term holidays . gridlock .
id1	id2	neutral	None	david sedaris at winspear opera house on april 23 . buy tickets before they go on sale to the general public tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	its baby boom friday and the sun is shining for our location/adventure sessions today :) baby boom at jm style ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sun is setting in sarajevo . split and then hvar next in the plan :-d URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	you can catch these guys performing late night at the gin mill and grille in northampton , pa this friday !! this ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	going to be heading out tomorrow to check out the earth festival in davis #imnotahippie
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER absolutely bro !! comin back to ohio june 5th - slumber party in the living room at tnation ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to the @USER tomorrow in grand bend ! see you there
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey regina , i thought you may like this on bbc rolling stones : crossfire hurricane : part two URL tony
id1	id2	positive	None	massive good luck to everyone doing the #greatnorthrun tomorrow & amp ; @USER at ironman wales ... lets help them do some epic fundraising !
id1	id2	negative	None	only just got round to watching the 1st half of crossfire hurricane . have come to the conclusion i was born in the wrong era @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss author jonathan kozols event @USER union square b &amp; n tomorrow , 8/29 @USER click the link for more info : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its not all about football . how about a spain v italy cook-off between omar allibhoy and antonio carluccio on sunday ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the day after soundset is the day i find out where i didnt put sun screen .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just started an #fm13 game as hibs . beat hearts in the edinburgh derby in my 2nd match : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	blackpool illuminations are the the biggest temporary light show in the world . this is between 31 august - 4 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday saw the 1st xi win and go joint top on points with lechlade . 2nds and 3rds both abandoned ! #fb
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER thanks , see you at warners tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	did you guys see a guest appearance by mitchie on the x factor wednesday ? @USER is always on her a game
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER and i waslike omigod ! fire ! and then i waslike omigod ? you know ? fire ? and i was likeah may zing you know .. hang on ? texting
id1	id2	positive	None	did you miss the espy awards on wednesday ? check out the amazing tribute video to pat summitt . rocky top books ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy #national nurses day ! today kicks off national nurses week which ends on may 12th , the birth date of florence nightingale . it is ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	we also wrap up our discussion of the summer olympics , present our weekly box office report & amp ; discuss how 2 of nbcs fall shows may be doa .
id1	id2	positive	None	sun going down over lough erne , beautiful . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	psa its my girl @USER 21st bday and were at rum runners celebrating come thru and show this fine dg some love
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER no where yet i just moved back i gotta go enrole tomorrow but im about to go to grad connect .
id1	id2	positive	None	come see sac ay lait this friday at the creative alliance !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	a 355-pound woman works to lose weight so she can start a family on #emwl , abc sunday at 9pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	and the filets !! 1st copper river salmon of the season ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	made it to interlaken , switzerland . going canyoning tomorrow !
id1	id2	neutral	None	or i may have to invest in an eyebrow pencil and start speaking with a liverpudlian accent . what to do ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER awesome ! ive tried 9 new beers this weekend , & amp ; im going to stone brewing tomorrow ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	green bay packers at the espy awards : july 11 , 2012 URL 3 of my favorite people !
id1	id2	neutral	None	that game saw kenny lofton clinch the pennant for the giants with a single to score david bell in the 9th .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy hour time with my favorite coworker/genius is here ! after wine she is going to symphony and me to art park 1st friday , life is not bad
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out some recently tagged photos of art from the san diego county fair ( del mar fairgrounds ) , all thanks to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	whos prob going to see 1d in concert in ohio june 18th ? this girl ;d
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont care what you say but no tuesday can start without a blast of jon bon jovis blaze of glory
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER you werent expecting him to lose were you ?? good luck in tt monday ! get back the maillot jaune !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER download of the wkend . just coz runrig are playing in inverness after game tomorrow . dance called america - live by runrig .
id1	id2	neutral	None	in the news ! the ballad of emmett till in mysa by deborah martin . see the final performance on sunday @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER she is the new member beside danee . the 8th member .
id1	id2	positive	None	cmon @USER get today out the way & amp ; its yours , the maillot jaune will stay on @USER back & amp ; history will b made #believeinbritain
id1	id2	positive	None	almost in binghamton ny , on our 3rd driver . i beasted the 1st 8 hours #nobigdeal 1.5 hours to cooperstown #hofweekend #dirb #gomudcats
id1	id2	positive	None	my magic cell phone just said espn sportscenter - watch the 20th annual espy awards on espn ... i7m0bv
id1	id2	positive	None	think im going to mount snowdon and to bangor tomorrow ... exploring wales ! :d
id1	id2	negative	None	ballet west reality show raked in a million viewers , may be canceled : in the wake of the success of films such a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in other news , tune in to @USER tonight at 11.30 pm for take 5 with slash & gt ; australian tour goes on sale friday 9am
id1	id2	positive	None	have an extra ticket to see rndm on saturday in d.c. anyone want in ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER me and my 8 yr old daughter cant wait to see you at blackpool illuminations on friday :) x
id1	id2	positive	None	well i think rowena kents new man gets the warners thumbs up !! lets see what your made of tomorrow night richard ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is the 5th annual kosa memorial ride in memory of scott luley . sign up at gin mill between 11 &amp; 1 last bike out at 1 last bike in at 5
id1	id2	neutral	None	a player appearance will be taking place tomorrow at westfield parramatta . all the details are here : URL #gowanderers
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i really liked it actually :) may not be happy that mileys back but its understandable why mitchie would take her back
id1	id2	neutral	None	fire in the ashes : 25 years among the poorest children in america URL by jonathan kozol comes out tues , avail for pre-order
id1	id2	negative	None	you know it cost $900 to be in miss teen usa ? i was like so ... you want me to pay $900 to be in a pageant that i may or may not win ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	short week at the tdr shop in nc ... tomorrow we will head to eldora speedway for the 42nd annual running of the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : matt cain accepts a key to the city and gets june 13th named for him ! matt cain day !! ( taken with ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the semis of us national cups . red stars keeping the suspense down 0-1 in the 25th . cmon stars ! [ pic ]: URL
id1	id2	positive	None	homecoming weekend in statesboro and we will be playing at rum runners friday night ... bring it !!
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing day in lechlade with everyone , watching the guys act like littles girls when they were in the river and catching a bit of sun :)
id1	id2	positive	None	historic moment for binghamton ny the sun came out
id1	id2	positive	None	i would love to see all my friends and fans tomorrow at the polish festival , we will be starting at 4:00 pm and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sports-soccer-home : youth soccer program . pre-k through 8th grade . soccer is the worlds most popular sport and ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	fireworks finale at the 2012 san diego county fair at del mar . video from my phone : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day . have i left it too late to become fluent in somali ? #topsomalianlies
id1	id2	neutral	None	writer keith giffen will take on threshold , a new ongoing series launching in january that explores the cosmic ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo friday : kurt shot this image at the winspear opera house , downtown dallas ... URL #photography
id1	id2	positive	None	10 best ideas of the week : the espy awards , project runway 10th anniversary party , calgary stampede URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh , and it is stone brewing night at the @USER on september 22 . 32 stone beers on tap .
id1	id2	positive	None	niki & amp ; the dove make a beautiful performance of tomorrow and dj , ease my mind at roskilde festival URL
id1	id2	negative	None	fuck you bitch . mitchie made me , she was like cmon drew shes cute .
id1	id2	positive	None	giveaway time ! reply with your favorite letter for your chance to win tix to rndm in the mainroom tomorrow night URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	got fiends throwin up on themselves like willie beamon . any given sunday , gunplays optional . however a nigga want it like soul la soul .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lil sis is going to bed late as she has an inset day tomorrow and wants to watch styled to rock , not got the same ring to it x
id1	id2	neutral	None	its saturday in the bay and our shop is open from 10am till 2pm . our amazing intern , melissa is @USER park URL
id1	id2	negative	None	de la soul were disappointing . lazy & amp ; uninvolving performance that seemed to be made up on the spot . cmon , guys . entertainment , right ? #fib
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER by becoming the 1st briton to win the maillot jaune and the kom the same year ? say , chris froome for instance .
id1	id2	positive	None	friday is the day i have been waiting for since thanksgiving break was over #yes
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER were going to grand bend tomorrow , and my mom said i should invite you but idk if youd wanna come hhaa !
id1	id2	negative	None	might just go back to summersville tomorrow . fuck this place .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER any thoughts on lough erne on friday ? looks like my only day off before christmas #puttingitoutthere
id1	id2	positive	None	hes 2nd for me behind danny elfman who does all of the tim burton movies . i love the whimsical music
id1	id2	positive	None	saw you at riot fest last sunday-incredible as always-this will be my fourth time seeing you all . love to you ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the jimmy mcgovern doc just highlights everything that was released on wed do you think id protect people if i thought theyd kill me son ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	blackpool illuminations run now up till 4th november . but who remembers the illuminations closer to home ? we ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i want to thank u and @USER for meeting me at westfield parramatta on friday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	george benson and chaka khan perform live at the l.a. county fair , pomona fairplex , thu , sep 13 @USER 50% off , URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	any ndublets want to go by london live at hype park on saturday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	totally buying the new batman movie on blu-ray december 4th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	is anyone going to runrig tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	holy shit ! the girl that drums for the nekromantix may be the most beautiful woman on the planet earth .
id1	id2	positive	None	on sunday the direct tgv from paris arrived in interlaken for the first time . :-) am sonntag ist der direkte ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	twitters you checkout this new show next saturday at 8 pm on thw cw network great cast and funny man @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thanksgiving leftovers still good the 2nd & amp ; 3rd time around . #yum #smashing
id1	id2	neutral	None	and also paid @USER for not even half of the heritage classic tickets #goleafsgo . and also were going to the kee again monday #wetwild
id1	id2	neutral	None	for those in the dc area , check out the living earth festival on the mall - this saturday and sunday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	breaking pointe , reality tv about ballet , featuring my client ballet west , premieres on the cw thursday 5/31 at 8pm : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching pll halloween episode for the 3rd time
id1	id2	neutral	None	im gonna start listening to metric now , so i can see them at bluesfest on the 15th .
id1	id2	positive	None	this saturday night @USER binghamton ny at the legion is going to be pure insanity #bingofansrock
id1	id2	positive	None	the summer olympics may be over , but there is still plenty of summer left to enjoy the warm weather . what are some of your favorite ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	at the creative alliance for the 1st time to see a screening of directing dissent about john roemer . full from mathews pizza . #datenight
id1	id2	positive	None	thats it for kiryu for now . hoping to wrap up the main story by the end of the day . before the 10th is here . its almost june 12th ...
id1	id2	positive	None	yes its november 3rd and yes all the halloween candy is on clearance #targetrun
id1	id2	neutral	None	watched the mens 100m at the london grand prix sure michael frater didnt have any underwear on he looked like his 3rd leg was hanging free
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you need tickets for the 2cw live event in binghamton ny on nov 17th , text 607-237-9247 or email me on fb . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	best part about black friday ... thanksgiving leftovers
id1	id2	positive	None	let it snow #winter #switzerland #monday #cold @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	come get wet & amp ; wild @USER tomorrow for splash dance . our night swim features kyau & amp ; albert on the sound . goodtimes
id1	id2	neutral	None	tune into the kicx winning weekend with @USER 4 your chance 2 c @USER next saturday at the kee to bala aboard the kicx bus
id1	id2	negative	None	im officially 2 for 2 with my friends getting kicked out of rum runners on their 21st
id1	id2	neutral	None	just a few of the 300+ #haikudecks created in the last 24 hours : violets 3rd birthday , langa vulindela reading club , want shiny hair ?
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER doesnt know what hes talking about mate . wilshere being saved for wednesday same with vermalen !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we are now in a big top instead of outside due to stinky rain but should still be amazing on sunday . see you at splash dance !
id1	id2	positive	None	sat with the parents watching the highlights from hype park on sky arts for the last few hours , theres nothing better than springsteen !
id1	id2	negative	None	falcao makes it 2-1 in the 26th minute . he is on the red team . i refuse to call them the red stars and black masters .
id1	id2	positive	None	i still want my vanilla fudge ima get some tomorrow i was really craving that all day .
id1	id2	neutral	None	spending a rainy saturday afternoon in the shops kitchen making a new crumbly vanilla fudge , rain like in tennis can effect play .
id1	id2	negative	None	why am i not @USER jam ... oh yea right cuz its monday ! fuckin fools !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	sacramento area supporters - well be at the whole earth festival at uc davis in the quad on may 12th and 13th . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mitchie from the 1st camp rock #legendary
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER yes ! ahhh gonna be great ! are you 2 going to westfield parramatta on saturday ? please follow me bella :) x
id1	id2	positive	None	get out the candy ( and a toothbrush ) for my saturday morning roundup on ways to use halloween candy ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER new batman movie is the best ! #batman #movie #hollywood #chillin #saturday agree ... excelent message ! without the rope ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	trip begs bree to tell him what happened the night of alejandros murder as in the series finale of #desperatehousewives , abc sunday at 9pm
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER rock im park busted me on sunday ... i got in illegally . soon i may get a problem .. was for 5 hours with the police ...
id1	id2	negative	None	jiujitsu test tomorrow ... i think it might be the first time im nervous about ... anything in almost a year
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to see richard dawkins & amp ; mehdi hasan debate at the oxford union tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	almost recovered from riot fest ... sunday night ended righteously eating vegan pizza with iggy and the stooges at their trailer !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER falkirk sounds class my man ! fri or sat ? edinburgh derby on sunday , fancy it ? might have a spare ticket #singlelad
id1	id2	positive	None	would love to see @USER at westfield parramatta tomorrow , maybe youll come by ? i wish ! :) & lt ;3 xo #justsaying
id1	id2	positive	None	2nd part of crossfire hurricane was ace . would like to be in 70s era rolling stones please . get it on ol iplayer etc : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	are you going to enrole tomorrow !?!?!? @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER visiting from seattle and going to check out stone brewing tomorrow . ill say hi from you sir .
id1	id2	positive	None	got the new job ill b leaving for ohio june 18th
id1	id2	positive	None	its good to see that dave managed to get back from his trip in time for the remembrance service . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	now we know why all those hibs fans didnt show up for the edinburgh derby on sunday , they were saving their money to boo ian black tonight .
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to our @USER athletes for coming in 13th overall with 18 medals ! 3rd best weve ever done in summer olympics !
id1	id2	positive	None	starting 11th in heat one with the world of outlaws at eldora speedway !
id1	id2	positive	None	great day out with everyone at lechlade ! #sun #jumpingoffbridges #cowfish
id1	id2	positive	None	2nd trip to see the ladykillers at the theatre royal ! a fantastic play :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the kenny lofton hit on a monday night during a 49er game that was on mnf .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah - youre playing tomorrow - obv you aint going tho against barbarians - then aussies away - next home are september :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	got 2nd row tix for primus at the kirby center ! 1st concert tour in 3d with surround sound !
id1	id2	neutral	None	kenny lofton , who makes his debut on the hall of fame ballot today , is the 1st former #arizonawildcats to ever appear on a hoff ballot .
id1	id2	positive	None	7 dec going to hat yai :)
id1	id2	positive	None	new blog post : top five things i love and will miss about the summer olympics ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER chris brown ran a season best in the 400 meters for 2nd place in 44.95 at 2012 aviva london grand prix
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you dont have your tickets to tomorrow nights eric church concert at the maverik center then get them now ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER glad you could make it to the phoenix comicon . you also did a great job on rookie blue this past thursday . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	brisfest brings live music and the festival spirit back to #bristol on 22 & amp ; 23 sept . de la soul , roni size & amp ; loads more URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday atfernoon - time for the perfect ipa , courtesy of stone brewing URL
id1	id2	positive	None	finally getting to watch the stones stuff from sat night . crossfire hurricane stuffed with fine footage indeed . great belfast clips from 65
id1	id2	positive	None	home from mysa conference . glad it went good after all the hustle and bustle . haha i missed work and tomorrow , im doomed ! :p
id1	id2	positive	None	well yes , it has been announced that i will be back for my 3rd year as host of disneys star wars weekends ! im ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER you want sat go art park ?
id1	id2	negative	None	if you are trying to pass off thanksgiving leftovers as sunday meals .. you deserve an uppercut . we tired of that shit now
id1	id2	positive	None	vanilla fudge chunks omfg . you may come to me
id1	id2	positive	None	still so happy @USER won battle of the bands and they get to play on abc sunday night . cannot wait to play with them june 1st .
id1	id2	neutral	None	youth soccer tonight at double play wednesday night . kinder kickers for ages 3-6 is from 5- 5:45 pm ... ages 7-10 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its my 25th birthday tonight !! and im ready to rock at roskilde festival ! bring your a-game ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nice job at riot fest . sadly i couldnt make it that early on saturday but i heard you guys killed it :) good job
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER almighty may , tell me what are my options to show kiryu my tattoo except for cutting off my arm and throw it on stage 8d
id1	id2	negative	None	clg may have lost to dignitas but i do know this : eagles of death metal are off the chain , URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	carly rae jepsen rolling up at the pomona fairplex . nbd . yes , the average age at the concert may have been 1 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	see marcello giordani in concert on feb 2 w/ the dallas opera orchestra @USER opera house for only $25 . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the democratic union of madrasha army takes full control in raccoon city . : thu oct 20 , 3083 . after the attack , t ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	from the twitter just now from rndm : rndm has a beef with pearl jam radio on @USER channel 22 . tune in thurs ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	its going down this saturday at rum runners st cloud ... btw where the party at tonight ?
id1	id2	positive	None	hope the weather is like this for ironman wales . lovely and sunny yet not too warm . good luck all . may the wind be behind you all the way .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER manchester , just seen de la soul are playing the sunday as well . the lineup is quality .
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday aug 25th rum runners will be hosting the captains hangover ... come celebrate the ccdjo champs birthday . i might even do the wobble ..
id1	id2	positive	None	spaghetti dinner/movie for the barbarians football team . big game tomorrow vs upland !! go barbs !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	#neon splash dance on thursday @USER with sounds by @USER neon attire highly encouraged . bring your bikini ! #splashdance
id1	id2	neutral	None	as you might have seen , the great yorkshire show is cancelled tomorrow . all children in school at normal time please
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you in the land of my fathers* ? (* just the one father . ignore what you may have read of liverpudlian sexual mores )
id1	id2	neutral	None	if only it was possible to be part of the blackpool illuminations concert on friday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	learn how to make soup with danny elfmans recipe : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER we are done for the rest if the day . tomorrow we will be in hollywoods art park for dinner
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER drake will be in ohio june 6th with waka flocka j cole 2chainz and a bunch of other really good artist . were fuggin going !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER on monday i request some queens of the stone age to celebrate that theyre finally coming to roskilde festival again !
id1	id2	positive	None	its thuuursday and my bestie is arriving tomorrow , antonio carluccio shortly after that and then a fabulous event with reiss on tuesday !
id1	id2	positive	None	were just over 24 hrs away from the wpsl elite championship in rochester vs the formidable @USER 3rd times a charm red stars !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the same way joel skinner held kenny lofton at 3rd in 07 . #destiny
id1	id2	positive	None	fresh copper river salmon this weekend ! starts friday night , dont miss it !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	one more final tomorrow then im done for the semester .. i been waiting on christmas break since thanksgiving break , lbs
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER great ! all down to hard work of sagg and others . getting increasing reports of reds in haltwhistle too . long may it continue !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its my best friends 19th birthday today and she loves you ! we saw you at soundset on sunday , show my girl @USER some love
id1	id2	positive	None	tonight at home vs summersville ! good luck to our boys . play with the same fire you ended with saturday against thayer & amp ; alton #lovemyealges
id1	id2	positive	None	too much sun today !.. at least i got one picture with ma girl @USER @USER fairplex URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	ep #126 : psychobilly friday from space ! - terminal signal : psychobilly from mad sin , nekromantix and the quakes !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	bill cosby live at the winspear opera house on june 9th ! URL #billcosby
id1	id2	neutral	None	silver lining : even if you missed their performance at the creative alliance on august 12 , you can still enjoy the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	hope to see everyone at eldora speedway tomorrow for the full ump nationals event ! this evenings events have been ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	nov 11 , boston celebrity chef class - what to do with thanksgiving leftovers : the bcae teams up with local food ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ironman wales highlights on channel 4 tomorrow morning at 6.35 am . i hope theres no footage of me being sick on the run !
id1	id2	neutral	None	will be on abc sunday night 10pm with dr joe tucci & amp ; prof liz handsley re sexualisation & amp ; commercialisation of kids
id1	id2	negative	None	yup , guess what ? citizen werent the happiest supporter last night , liverpudlian were . the fact is : finis in 8th , below everton asses #lol
id1	id2	neutral	None	#thailand parcels packed with ammunition and illicit drugs were friday intercepted at songkhlas hat yai post of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday nov 24th fm kirby center in wilkes-barre , pa ... hope to see you there ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER URL a de la soul song you may have heard !
id1	id2	negative	None	#accused olivia colman , joe dempsie ; jimmy mcgovern always comes out with gold , pity i missed the 1st episode
id1	id2	neutral	None	wow friday that was quick - charity dog walk tonight for @USER if youre going through blackpool illuminations tonight give us a honk
id1	id2	positive	None	a quality weekend in manchester with @USER :) runrig were superb on friday night !
id1	id2	positive	None	i love how thanksgiving break had hella bangers and were in the 2nd week of winter break and have failed to have one yet
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER how are things in vegas ? when do you start monday ? do you know where youre shooting ? fox , universal , warners , paramount ? lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good night we waiting for tomorrow can we have twitcam please with maite
id1	id2	neutral	None	left over halloween candy is probably past its expiration , right ? thats what ill tell my kids when they see the empty wrappers tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	jimmy mcgoverns hillsborough on itv3 @USER wish theyd show it nationwide on itv at 9pm tomorrow . the nation would see it with new eyes
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER kiryu is a vk band & amp ; i will see them again in january as theyre amazing live , but juri is the vk guy or was actually ...
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget : youth soccer registration ( ages 5-17 ) is going on now . we are taking registration today , saturday ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	live semi-finals this thursday night 9-10pm on cw network . america votes . please share with friends . #teamjordan URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER nicole r , jov , two capistranos , kait , me , danee , tuesday , and more ... not sure of the others
id1	id2	positive	None	runrig tonight !! cant wait . then off to oban to play in coasters bar with murdo ewen cameron tomorrow night . come along if youre free :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	star wars weekends may be over , but the carbon-freeze me experience is still open through june 16 ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just got an e-mail from eldora speedway with the 2013 kings royal dates , july 12-13 . #kingsroyal
id1	id2	positive	None	wanna see stars this friday ? check out the red stars we have coming in ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	game day ! red stars meet philly fever for the 1st time this season at 6:30 pm ct in egg harbor , nj . follow twitter for live updates .
id1	id2	positive	None	de la soul the 25th of july in amsterdam ! ah i wanna get my dela dunks signed !
id1	id2	positive	None	quite looking forward to blackpool illuminations with @USER next friday . #neverhadtheshits
id1	id2	neutral	None	its dat time of the year again , playoff futbol for our sundays team , quater finals tomm , we on team curfew 4 rest of playoffs on sat nights
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont know why i played resident evil operation raccoon city , but i did . and im not happy about it or the video i made of it for tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im actually probably gunna buy it . ( danny elfman enthusiast , cant help myself ! ) , but ill let you know tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	happy friday ! come for copper river salmon . the freshest , most wonderful salmon in the world ! and dessert too of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the canopy survived the winds today ! hoping to see a lot of people tomorrow at the new earth festival in atlanta , in
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i wanna go to the pool tomorrowcome to knollwood
id1	id2	positive	None	ive won tickets to blackpool illuminations !!! see you friday @USER xx
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sure enjoyed seeing you on abc sunday , especially you and george talkin baseball .
id1	id2	positive	None	kira the 1st person to send me a veteran day text she just made me feel proud
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do we know who is gonna play bass for daughtry on the tour with 3 doors down see you again on dec 1st in binghamton ny
id1	id2	neutral	None	have you watched @USER s new fashion tv show styled to rock 1st episode ? no ? heres the link URL
id1	id2	positive	None	got a free ticket to the san diego county fair for indepence day in del mar , ca for anyone who wants it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday itv1 10:20 pm jimmy mcgoverns docudrama hillsborough . harrowing but shows how media can question authority and bring about change
id1	id2	neutral	None	i used to watch abc sunday night movies with the fam , now we watch #newsroom on hbo , how times have changed .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i loved racing grand bend . got my 1st top fuel win there against shirley muldowney in the final
id1	id2	neutral	None	i gots to make vanilla fudge tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 2nd best sports moment : rob riggle hosting the espy awards #funny
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday mitchie and #twittlessluis ! ill bring you stuff monday :p @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	in other news ( realised i seldom tweet these days ) , i climbed mount snowdon on saturday with two wonderful friends . sh-boom ! #wales
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget to sign up for our right to offend debate with david aaronovitch & amp ; mehdi hasan next thursday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER revenge on abc sunday nights is a great show , u should check it out
id1	id2	positive	None	i dont know about you guys , but i was ready for this break on sunday of thanksgiving break .
id1	id2	neutral	None	two of the guys on our day out at lechlade last monday 17.12.12 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#xc -dsign the digital installation built for 2nd nature gardens at the chelsea flower show used a ge URL
id1	id2	positive	None	big weekend ahead at maverik center friday and saturday at 7 . oktoberfest specials . saturday is angels hands night with cowbell giveaway !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the reason that nurses day is held on the 12th may each year is because this is the birth date of florence ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER of monsters and men , deap vally , eagles of death metal , gaslight anthem , foos - and thats just tomorrow ! sorry for late reply !
id1	id2	positive	None	buy a dg membership between nov 1 and 30 and you could win tickets to ballet wests the nutcracker ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to the london grand prix tonight and tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yea im good thanks , and no but i am in haltwhistle . are you staying at phils on fri , i was guna pop in and say hi to him ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch me on the cw networks new hit music show the next september 6 at 8 pm central !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saw you play at bluesfest last sunday , your lead guitarist blew my freakin mind !! wow ... what a rock star !! great show
id1	id2	positive	None	whitey anderson was a thoroughly deserving winner of the nifwa manager of the month even before saturday . when will he walk lough erne ?
id1	id2	negative	None	do i ring up warners tomorrow and tell them i put the wrong number on or do i leave it and cry
id1	id2	neutral	None	since yesterday was the 10th anniversary of the worldwide celebration of international talk like a pirate day ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	natash hastings 4th ( 51.89 ) , jessica beard 6th ( 52.08 ) in 400 at london grand prix . 1 of the could be named to @USER 4x400 relay team .
id1	id2	positive	None	beautiful sun rises these days and still mild with no wind . we are heading out to some islands on lough erne weve never been to before !
id1	id2	positive	None	good afternoon on a beautiful tuesday from the unseen high-angle view in hat yai ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#gardening fact friday : the most expensive garden was designed by @USER for the 2010 chelsea flower show and included a $5m diamond .
id1	id2	positive	None	you must read ! URL karina smirnoff wows in a low-cut yellow dress at the espy awards ( photos )
id1	id2	neutral	None	red stars fouled at 20 yards . chalupny takes the free kick but gk gets in front of it . 1 minute left in 1st half .
id1	id2	positive	None	some may have called me childish , but i now sit with a bag the size of a small child full of halloween candy . #winning #stillakidatheart
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it was a saturday when i went , stopped off en route for a few jars at haltwhistle and haydon bridge so was good fun .
id1	id2	neutral	None	just eating a giant slab of vanilla fudge to distract from results day tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER sweet keep me updated im getting ready for our big jiujitsu promotion at the end of feb .
id1	id2	neutral	None	for those that missed it im dropping a new batman track tomorrow since dkr debuts . if you want it , ill send it to you . only way to get it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	who got that new batman dvd and trying to let me hold it till april
id1	id2	positive	None	sitting on the floor watching the stones doc crossfire hurricane for the 3rd time . @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	typical that when the great yorkshire show gets cancelled the sun comes out . oh well . thats england for you .
id1	id2	positive	None	#eafirstplay at westfield parramatta is going off ! we are there from today until sunday so come and say hello
id1	id2	neutral	None	rndm : 8 november 2012 - bowery ballroom , new york ( notes from the road ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#tvd is back tomorrow @USER network . finally ! the long wait is over !! yay !!! well , i can already watch it by friday evening . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	the band enjoyed a day of sightseeing in berlin today . we hope to see you at rock im park tomorrow ! -preset
id1	id2	neutral	None	aint got a drug problem but a love problem , but then again that may be one in the same . _de la soul
id1	id2	positive	None	an hour afternoon nap in hype park though the first half of the football in the sun ... nice !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#wwe debuting new childrens series saturday morning slam on the cw network at 10 a.m. est today . .
id1	id2	positive	None	to all going to cardiff for barbarians game tomorrow- have fun jammy buggers .. cmon hogia ni
id1	id2	positive	None	super saturday is on tomorrow at westfield parramatta . one day to grab some pre christmas bargins . for one day ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ben sollee and fresh pot of coffee make saturday morning perfect
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss carmen on the 100th episode of 90210 airing tomorrow night 8/7c on the cw network !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i go back next tuesday to enrole mate i think you do too
id1	id2	negative	None	supersonic , paul foot , boris in december , runrig , boring car stuff , turbonegro ... going to be pretty broke for christmas ! yay !
id1	id2	neutral	None	fans lined up for black friday $5 tickets at maverik center available to the first 500 fans lined up when the box ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	make sure you head down & amp ; see @USER singing at westfield parramatta this saturday at 10:30 & amp ; 2:30 on the main stage ! :) x
id1	id2	neutral	None	lavender fields at hvar island . imagre taken during our adriatic2alps photo tour in june . share if you like ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow ( 11/15 ): #kitchenparty live with kent whitaker : what to do with thanksgiving leftovers URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER very moving remembrance service with our new minister , rev william heenan . for our tomorrow , they gave their today .
id1	id2	positive	None	doom metal legends sun o ))) have announced an australian tour for this october with post-everything act @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	l ecole culinaire salt of the earth festival : on sept 15th some of the top chefs in th ... URL comment on my blog !
id1	id2	neutral	None	sam warburton wales exclusive interview : when wales play the barbarians in cardiff on saturday afternoon , sam wa ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	copper river salmon season is just days away from starting ... call us on may 17th for pricing URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie daniels band , . 38 special and the outlaws hit the fair , pomona fairplex , fri , sep 28 @USER 50% off , URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER look up riot fest in chicago in may . lets pregame hard and go to it
id1	id2	neutral	None	resort monday coming up at the kee tonight : back to school girl theme ! there will be a contest for the best dressed . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mahiro may be my bias for kiryu ... but hiyori is definitely the cutest when he looks like this . -nikki URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	world stand off is set for this friday aug18th for push kick promotions at the pomona fairplex , down 2 scrap mma ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	great night of jiujitsu ! huge day tomorrow with the dynamite ninjas , striking then advanced gi !!! dont miss it !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER they released the retro fours bred during thanksgiving break on black friday . holy shit 4 bills they are 180 arent they
id1	id2	positive	None	super excited to see waiting for the barbarians on thursday at the @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	super advance notice to save the date ... stone brewing will be in the house on september 24th . and , there will ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ironman wales on channel 4 tomorrow 6.35 am - sky plus it - or do as i am excited to watch it real life with a cuppa !! #ironman #ironmanwales
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey catelynn , this is my 1st tweet ever & amp ; i just wanted 2 say i think u & amp ; tyler r awesome . u guys would love my boys .. :)
id1	id2	positive	None	when a child comes to the world , he makes his 1st landing in the arms of a #nurse lets wish all of them a very happy nurses day
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER omigod you guys has been stuck in my head since i seen the show on wednesday !! super catchy :d
id1	id2	negative	None	no , danny elfman . no you may not .
id1	id2	positive	None	- lmao @USER carluccio and gennaro contaldo wanting some chocolate mousse cake on saturday kitchen haha . they really want some .
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to go with me to see nekromantix this friday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER and you were played on styled to rock on tuesday night :-) x
id1	id2	positive	None	hungry ? 15% off your bill if you show your membership badge & amp ; phoenix comicon program at majerles bar & amp ; grill - 2nd st. and washington ~ sm
id1	id2	positive	None	i love it ! june 13th is officially matt cain day in san francisco ! #sfgiants #beatla
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited for jonathan kozol tomorrow i cant even stand it .
id1	id2	negative	None	rubbish day not helped by helpful academic who says ive rendered my unborn baby irreparably stupid by having a glass of wine on sat nights
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yup but got to be at trinity next tuesday to enrole , wednesday is a good day to brake the week
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER oh , i like some jovi . just nothing since these days or the sept . 11th benefit . blaze of glory is my jam .
id1	id2	positive	None	catching up with #accused #seanbean jimmy mcgovern is one of the best writers on tv today ! part 2 tomorrow with anne-marie duff . cant wait !
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to be an hour away from @USER tomorrow in interlaken .. whats the chance i can get tickets to biels home game friday night ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	shiver me timbers ! the answer to our trivia : international talk like a pirate day ! its the 10th anniversary of the worldwide celebration !
id1	id2	positive	None	aww ! matt cain just given a key to the city & amp ; a proclamation of june 13th as matt cain day in sf for his perfect game . yay matty ! #mattcain
id1	id2	neutral	None	boots electric ( jesse hughes from eagles of death metals band added at last minute to the show tomorrow night ! thur . 9/6 doors @USER $5
id1	id2	positive	None	for those who may not know , rock im park streaming metallicas set live right now ..! one just finished ! -randy ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	well i am excited for tomorrows hot jam with suzanne show from 11-1 i have learned its a great thing to have ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	coddyy !!! im coming to see you at the kirby center in wilkes-barre on december 9th ! :) @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wacky wednesday on threshold . i have a feeling all sorts of awesome stuff is going to happen today on threshold ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nice piece about @USER in tomorrows scotland on sunday , pegged to his new stage production of the ladykillers . man gives good quotage .
id1	id2	positive	None	but excited for the scramble at knollwood tomorrow morning . going to tear the west course up
id1	id2	positive	None	cant believe that just in march i was judging pawsox idol with miss ma teen @USER tonight shes competing for miss teen usa ! #goodluck
id1	id2	positive	None	ladies and gents , come get your pictures taken friday and sat nights @USER penthouse on livernois !! new backdrops coming soon !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	just a thursday . #monstertruckrally #firsttimeforeverything @USER @USER fairplex URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dsq band will open for air supply july 29th at winspear opera house !!! come see our first concert with the full ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	any of you wanting fab fun childcare for your little ones in haltwhistle , get along to little star on thursday ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i dont work til monday but no one is fucking with me sooo ill be on some de la soul just me myself n i
id1	id2	positive	None	watched the ladykillers this afternoon . the perfect film for saturday afternoon . or any other time of the week .
id1	id2	negative	None	de la soul is sunday at clockenflap ?! wtf ! at least they had the decency to sched uptown rockers for saturday @USER #nyinhk
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone interested in a couple of tickets for runrig tomorrow at the northern meeting park , inverness ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER 4th oar concert of 2012 tonight at art park ! 2 ladies want hooked up with vip & amp ; a hey girl ! traveled from philly 4 this !
id1	id2	positive	None	miketindall13 hope all the boys with a glaws connection in the barbarians squad get to play tuesday
id1	id2	neutral	None	usa coming up ... last time this many americans were in london the 8th air force started the baby boom .
id1	id2	positive	None	jimmy mcgoverns hillsborough airing again this sunday on itv3 for anyone that might want to see it .
id1	id2	neutral	None	anybody trying to go to summersville with @USER @USER and myself tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to @USER and the it team climbing mount snowdon tomorrow for bristol based charity pauls place . send a picture from the top
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to nekromantix at hifi in sydney , australia - oct 5 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i graduate in november with my bachelors degree . i think my present to myself is tickets to phoenix comicon and san diego comicon
id1	id2	neutral	None	9 to 5 will be premiering at the art park players october 12 , 13 , 14 , 19 , 20 , 21 , 26 , 27 2012 call 281-794-2448 for more information
id1	id2	positive	None	wondering what you made of 1st episode of jimmy mcgoverns 2nd series of accused ? in my view , sean bean good but stephen graham excellent .
id1	id2	neutral	None	pattaya mail : songkhla , dec 16 - hotels in hat yai , the business center of this southern province , have been ful ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	starting off my sunday with resident evil operation raccoon city
id1	id2	negative	None	damn i just gave her a reason to ground me 4 da whole festve season ... omigod wont evn go ta my pensdown on mon :( shidd !
id1	id2	positive	None	the rum runners will be performing on saturday , september 29th ... you dont want to miss this jerry garcia ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow for splash dance we have digitalism @USER going to be wet & amp ; wild ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	olivers harem : so we had this joke on friday of phoenix comicon that oliver had his own little harem with all t ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck and lots of energy to @USER who is competing in the ironman wales this sunday !! come on chris !
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks , lyndsey ... hairstrks sometimes red , sometimes pink ! @USER were going to see the ladykillers in nottham tomorrow !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	i was just reminded by @USER that tomorrow is international talk like a pirate day . URL #whimsy
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER try to get the 13th anniversary one ! its the best one , and its two discs . : db the second disc is covers and danny elfman .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER raccoon city and this one are pretty much the same but its a big step up from the 5th . so fun !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it was awesome . ohhh we won 1st place by just doing that oldschool weird :3 danny elfman style :p
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to go with me to see liza in november at the kirby center ??? its liza . fucking . minnelli .
id1	id2	neutral	None	is anyone else going to see sheryl crow at art park on tuesday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	big day sunday - christchurch park at 1045am for the remembrance service - we will remember , ipswich will remember
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes , im going out in port credit tomorrow . maybe toronto on friday night and then the kee on saturday . im staying in port credit .
id1	id2	positive	None	join us at main library , 12 p.m. on monday , 8/20 for the 2012 kiwanis corporate regatta . lunch is $5 , helps support summer reading club .
id1	id2	positive	None	six sentence sunday - blaze of glory - and its free ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we have a busy saturday coming up at knollwood ! our experts will be on hand to help you find the perfect academy ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i love giving out halloween candy and seeing happy neighborhood kids even if it is nov 3 . #sandy
id1	id2	positive	None	good way to start the day . #nowplaying how to see the sun rise by ben sollee on #spotify URL
id1	id2	positive	None	copper river salmon , quinoa , roasted beets , and #thebigsalad . thursday is the new saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone interested in camping tonight on the new river and swimming at summersville tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	next friday the 9-12 year olds get to make a gnome house in reading club . how cool !!! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER is such an encourager ! loved the conversation on the way home from barbarians ! ready to action tomorrow !!
id1	id2	positive	None	jiujitsu tomorrow - then ufc 155 - its gonna be a great day i can already tell
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hilarious . give the doping convictions , the 99 maillot jaune devolves to the kid to who was 17th at the 99 tour lavenir
id1	id2	neutral	None	paloma faith may not have a brit but she has to be a shoe in for the chelsea flower show #scd
id1	id2	positive	None	i am predicting a baby boom in september - for those that are throwing caution to the wind and going to out with a bang on thursday night .
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out rndm ( jeff ament of pearl jam , joseph arthur & amp ; richard stuverud ) this sunday at the fox theatre in boulder . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	one more game and @USER are toast from the playoffs as @USER beat new york 87-70 at msg to lead series 3-0 , game 4 on abc sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	i been a giants fan since the kenny loftons 1st year in san fran ... im proud of that ball club
id1	id2	neutral	None	antonio carluccio is the latest celeb chef to try his hand at an italian eatery in liverpool . our 1st impressions ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the first hickman reading club meeting is thursday , september 27 from 3:00 to 4:00 . see you there ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	want to win tix to see ben sollee for tomorrow night at the peel ? email sadi @USER for you shot at tix . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	our rock star speakers for the sept 27th @USER in grand bend are @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER well thanks and thats cool , if youre in ohio june 2nd you should come to my show at heart and sole
id1	id2	positive	None	the ladykillers has just come on ... thats all plans for saturday afternoon cancelled then URL #getglue #theladykillers
id1	id2	neutral	None	come to the gin mill for july 4th ! food & amp ; drink specials all week !... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	the 80yr old woman arrested for streaking at the chelsea flower show had on 1st prize in the dried bush arrangement .
id1	id2	positive	None	copper river salmon season starts may 15th ! were hoping to have fish on the 17th . want a great recipe for ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	meet and greet tonight at hartigans irish pub and restaurant . welcome to charlotte , barbarians and blockade ! ready for tomorrow ?!
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday brunch : thanksgiving leftovers eggs benedict : editors note : each saturday morning we bring you a sunday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tactical switch , vermalen midfield and song defence . need steel to the silk of midfield and vermalen is our 3rd top scorer !
id1	id2	positive	None	delightful day in old town hastings with my nephew & amp ; niece - even without sun . highlights definitely were the swan boats and vanilla fudge .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i dont know if you listen to wgts , but they have an evening program as well on sat nights
id1	id2	neutral	None	ive been waiting for winter break since the monday we came back from thanksgiving break !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it was really nice to hear from u thanks hope ur enjoying ur time off ill c u dec 1st in binghamton ny
id1	id2	positive	None	in dublin , going to lough erne tomorrow , role on the faldo series british grand final :d
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER at work humming yer only job .. lucky your coming back in november with rndm . yay for montreal
id1	id2	positive	None	there are some great opportunities for young people at the moment ... journals at splash dance 8 july 2- 3pm ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	elegant and intimate : ben sollee at the carnegie center , december 6 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cannot wait to see @USER wednesday at art park ! for free ! are you kidding me ? theyre paying us ! leggooo !
id1	id2	positive	None	miss wv teen usa 1st runner up at miss teen usa ! lets keep this fire burning with morgan at miss am . ot ! #wv
id1	id2	neutral	None	the kitchen cafe 26 sept 12 . antonio carluccio talks about the recipes that form the touchstones of his life ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	sunday , 05 august 2012 : nekromantix with the casualties / down by law / the lower class brats @USER observatory URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ive provisionally decided to see the ladykillers , singin in the rain , godfather + when harry met sally for the sun of ifi open weekend .
id1	id2	positive	None	if you are in toronto please go eat some perogies at the polish festival tomorrow for george and i !!! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER and i are going to bluesfest on sunday ! wanna join ?! wolfgang garnter is awesome ! & lt ;3
id1	id2	neutral	None	proof youre older now than 1st time you saw baby boom : you think , elizabeth shouldnt have been alone in that room and ooh , nice sofa
id1	id2	neutral	None	ladies if your in las vegas come to the splash dance party with me tomorrow night at @USER your bikini its about to get wet
id1	id2	positive	None	its the edinburgh derby on sunday for swfitba as hearts welcome hibs to foresters park with a 14:00 ko time . we ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	work hard , play hard . ill see you busters at riot fest tomorrow #imastartariot
id1	id2	neutral	None	see you tomorrow , uc davis . see you tomorrow . ( 1pm at the whole earth festival )
id1	id2	neutral	None	in binghamton ny for the night , leaving at 8am , back in va sometime tomorrow just to find out where im going monday
id1	id2	positive	None	not gonna lie , kinda excited for #gfmodelsearch this sat at westfield parramatta . looking to be a killer day !!! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER meant to say i enjoyed ur butter at lough erne monday night ! gave the table a full brief on ur wares !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to pa tomorrow then doctor monday then after going to summersville (: #yaya
id1	id2	positive	None	stone brewing just got added to our list of brewers attending the 2nd ann riverside blues & amp ; bbq ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	kenny lofton , sandy alomar jr. make 1st hall of fame ballot appearance URL
id1	id2	negative	None	maybe going out on thurs , fri , sat nights is a bit harder than i thought when i also work tues , wed , thur , fri , sat , sun , mon , tues ...
id1	id2	positive	None	i want to start international talk like a grunt day in honor of the 4 years i served in the us army infantry . every oct 3 .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER check out become the sun at bluesfest on the 13th . drummer had had reattached 4 years back . they need some ink and love !
id1	id2	positive	None	leeds - that was incredible . eagles of death metal and @USER stole the entire show . time to do it all again on sunday in reading !
id1	id2	neutral	None	mysa annual girls tournament final preparations underway ... join us at the nairobi technical field from tuesday ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 2013 san diego county fair theme will be game on , all about board , pinball , tv and computer games . begins june 8 . #sdfair
id1	id2	neutral	None	this reality series about ballet west premieres in 2 weeks : may 31st . check your local listings or visit the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is where it all began . pictures from the 1st human library held at roskilde festival , denmark on july 4 ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good morning sue , mum was good yesterday , she going to blackpool illuminations tomorrow , & amp ; fish & amp ; chip lunch , shell enjoy ...
id1	id2	negative	None	oh poo ! havent got my 2 tix for @USER chelsea flower show nxt year . 1st time in 23yrs :(( hope theyre not turning it too corporate #cfs
id1	id2	positive	None	a lot easier to check @USER twitter than hunt through URL for the #uca final score on sat nights
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER amazing album !! also you may be responsible for a new baby boom #trilogy #babymakinmusic
id1	id2	negative	None	i may do jiujitsu but ill punch you in the fucking face .
id1	id2	neutral	None	so mummy wants to go hat yai during the christmas period , together w aunt . but my holiday starts on dec 10 i think . mmm
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER how did i miss you at the kee on tues ? we all missed you at @USER dockside glow in muskoka . congrats on new line !
id1	id2	neutral	None	supposingly tomorrow go back at 12noon , because of nurses day going back at 6pm . seriously ? hahaish .
id1	id2	positive	None	this is how you party ! happy friday everyone ! eagles of death metal - cherry cola ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just announced ! knollwood & amp ; labatts have teamed up for the 1st annual michelob open on wednesday july 11th @USER new course !
id1	id2	positive	None	peter broderick has been added to the roskilde festival program tomorrow . dont miss it . gloria at 15.00 #rf12
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER blake get ready for the wild girls in ohio june 15th hurry up !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER im going to feedme in ohio june 3rd
id1	id2	positive	None	since the live at phoenix comicon went well , producer-san , cameraman-san , and i are partying tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	films on tv tonight : four weddings and a funeral , the ladykillers , the mask , run fatboy run , american pie 2 and tsotsi URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i dont know what is going on with your phone but whats going on tomorrow for hype park ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so excited to meet and see you perform at westfield parramatta tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER that sounds like del mar to me , mostly because of the san diego county fair #butitshouldbedelmarfair
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have the new batman trilogy on blu ray . at start of week pete declared were going to order pizza & amp ; watch them back to back on saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	interlaken kissed by the sun . taste them saturday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the pll halloween special for the 3rd time . i cant get enough . looking for cluesss
id1	id2	neutral	None	off to er , for the edinburgh derby , cmon the hibs
id1	id2	negative	None	you cannot run a modern sophisticated economy the way you run a tuck shop at eton jimmy mcgovern in @USER ( URL
id1	id2	negative	None	so sad i cant be at star wars weekends today . but alas im going tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	one spare runrig ticket for next friday night at the barrowlands ! pm me for details @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER zack ryder and beth phoenix , will be signing autographs at westfield parramatta tomorrow ! hope that helps you out ! :) :)
id1	id2	positive	None	beautiful morning . schools back tomorrow , so last swim at lovely outdoor pool in haltwhistle before it closes for season . may go twice !
id1	id2	neutral	None	also monday night , eat at maverik center as we debut little italy at the back of the concourse with seating for 70 people . check it out !
id1	id2	positive	None	working san diego county fairs main parking lot on 4th of july for the first time ... challenge accepted ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	kenny lofton threw out the ceremonial 1st pitch tonight . who hasnt that guy been to the post seasonw itih
id1	id2	positive	None	can you spare your tuesday night october 2nd ??? i certainly wish i could make it ! nekromantix , supported by ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	top story : the sun sets in the town of interlaken . #2012atws #expediaatatws #photos URL see more URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	rumored : the boys will be going on an australian tour on february 31 next yr :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	as 19 sep is international talk like a #pirate day & amp ; 21 sep is international #peace day , maybe 20 sep could become international #irony day ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you guys are killing it out there , i love you . im watching on livestream tonight . see yall in binghamton ny next saturday
id1	id2	positive	None	come see us tonight at eldora speedway for the 29th annual kings royal ! this afternoon starting at 2:30 p.m. is ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	okay , friends ... you have heard me mention a book signing event in akron , ohio june 24th ... here is the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hope youre doing okay pretty girl . & lt ;3 come to the party in muskoka on saturday at the kee ! :)
id1	id2	positive	None	did you know that over half our workforce are nursing staff ( 57%) . well be celebrating 3377 of them tomorrow on nurses day #ind2012
id1	id2	positive	None	another great day in croatia . bring on hvar tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	todays nonsense : in response to the shootings , warners wont release batman box office stats until monday . and that brings back zero lives .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lol , relax ba ! btw tomorrow want play street soccer at art park ? with vanguard ? most lowly at 10am . but not yet confirm
id1	id2	negative	None	#iwillneverunderstandwhy hot jam is on a monday shit dont make any sense
id1	id2	positive	None	all #breakingpointe fans - join us here this tuesday 6 pm pst where you can ask ballet wests allison debonna questions about the show !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow at 9 , ill be fangirling over the tv show styled to rock which has fashion designing and @USER - omfg ill be in heaven
id1	id2	neutral	None	what will you be doing with all of your extra halloween candy tomorrow - here are a few tips !... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	thursday will be very tiring day for me ! bcls , nurses day rehearsal and then soccer !
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing day ! got 4th place in the dallas urban beer hunt w/ @USER & amp ; @USER & amp ; then saw some killer bands at riot fest !
id1	id2	positive	None	its wednesday , you know what that means ... new batman ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	why did they have to make hot jam on a monday ?? dont they know ppl work during the week . #hotjam
id1	id2	positive	None	noche lat sat @USER are packed-11/17-erika norell & amp ; maite ofarrel & amp ; dj larry larr spinning the hottest latin hits . 10:30 -4am ; no cover !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you miss the last mamaway breast feeding workshop ? next session is on at westfield parramatta store thursday ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if the pll halloween special aired this tues . instead of last tues ., i would be even more creeped out considering the next day is halloween .
id1	id2	positive	None	we are collecting halloween candy thru 4pm tomorrow - anybody else want to bring candy to donte to our troops and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER hahaha im going with my cousin to meet her at westfield parramatta tomorrow - so ill buy it then :) pumped !
id1	id2	neutral	None	phillips idowu has pulled out of the london grand prix , meaning 4th spot is up for grabs .
id1	id2	negative	None	wow ! just heard awful news emanuel steward died , rest in peace to one of the truly great trainers of all time . youll be missed sat nights
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow i must watch the new pll halloween episode and watch the video for mcflys new song .
id1	id2	positive	None	best of luck to everyone racing tomorrow be it padstow , ironman wales , challenge henley or one of the countless ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss camp rocks mall show tomorrow , 6pm , at the greenbelt 3 park ! starring @USER as mitchie and @USER as shane ! :p
id1	id2	neutral	None	if youre going to saturdays ben sollee show , make sure to stop by and see abby at the kftc table , and if you ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	circoloco what a send off for the summer ! back to pompey tomorrow , dont know how im feeling about it .. #shortstraw #singlebed #dropmeout
id1	id2	positive	None	a little write up about creative alliance . great place to work . & gt ; URL
id1	id2	positive	None	cw network aug 30th check nelly on his nee show ... i have friends involved on that show .. check it out let me know what u think
id1	id2	negative	None	and thanksgiving leftovers start today . ima be done with turkey by tomorrow . get tired of it .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait for tomorrow !!! see you at the kirby center !
id1	id2	neutral	None	earth festival bought to you by @USER june 16 , 2-7pm , 2010 s . wabash . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	results for heat 1 mens 100m : nesta carter finishes 2nd with a time of 10.15 aviva london grand prix #sdl URL
id1	id2	positive	None	off to ibz tomorrow . paradise , zoo project , we love ..., and circoloco all on the cards
id1	id2	positive	None	circoloco #circoloco tomorrow , get a good nights kip cos tomorrow its jump off time
id1	id2	positive	None	awesome first show last night with killswitch in utrecht ! dank u wel !!! rock im park tomorrow ! #smaaashhh !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER my mate @USER hit a hole in one on the 15th ! what is ur best score around lough erne ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	new main terrain art park coming to the southside #cha URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER really because on my phone it says i messaged you nov . 21 the first night of thanksgiving break #fact
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoy your sunday ; on this veteran day take a moment to thank any and all active & amp ; veterans who served in the military . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	from monday 17 sept , new library reading club for reception to year 6 from 3.30 - 4.30 pm with mrs bolton , the school librarian .
id1	id2	positive	None	#midnightrun may have my favourite danny elfman score , probably because its not a typical elfman score
id1	id2	neutral	None	i will be buying the new batman movie on tuesday , just to let everyone know
id1	id2	positive	None	very heavy band of snow just w of grand bend likely close to 0 visibility and may drop a fast 5-8 cm of snow . URL #onstorm
id1	id2	negative	None	the tragedy of only thinking up hilarious tweets for the summer olympics now is that in four years there may be no place for them .
id1	id2	positive	None	it was such a shame that the great yorkshire show was cancelled but we still really enjoyed tuesday and cant ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	running class tomorrow at 8.00 am and 9.30 am , hype park , get faster with the transformers .
id1	id2	negative	None	vermalen actually on his own spread instability by gifting a goal at the 3rd min and them making similar error at 46th min which is shocking
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER where is it so that i may claim some ? also , now that i live here , i should probably try and get together w/ you & amp ; maite
id1	id2	positive	None	big congrats to @USER sister queen @USER on 1st runner up at miss teen usa ! #wv is so proud of you , elizabeth ! xoxo
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cun . me and william are going to enrole tomorrow for our new course ;)
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER danny elfman , as he is my favourite film score composer . i may also say @USER if his work on the @USER counts
id1	id2	negative	None	i want it to be tuesday to i can watch styled to rock . actually , while im watching it , ta will be playing . thats awfully depressing .
id1	id2	positive	None	women 100m final london grand prix july 14th 2012 [ hd ]: URL the only nigerian athlete i have faith in is this woman
id1	id2	positive	None	listening to my playlist from the weekend is massively putting me in the mood for circoloco on sat . bring it on !
id1	id2	neutral	None	dream big summer reading club ends tomorrow , august 7 . this is the last day to turn in your book log for prizes !
id1	id2	neutral	None	all uniformed up and ready to go for the remembrance service then march to the cenotaph . we will remember th URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sadly the fair at splash dance on sunday has been cancelled due to flooding , but you can still get your fix of ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	june 13th was just declared matt cain day ! this shall be my new favorite holiday #perfectcain
id1	id2	neutral	None	fridays dinner special : copper river salmon ! seasoned , grilled salmon topped with lemon butter ! served with ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	chili cooking on the stove top and am watching crossfire hurricane . good start to sunday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is my 4th time watching the pll halloween episode ... since tuesday ... #obsessed
id1	id2	neutral	None	hey folks ! come relax and play at threshold , an after-party i am holding the evening of folsom sunday , sept 23rd : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ready to rock out this thursday w/ ben sollee and the marshall tucker band at the 2012 vp debate festival at ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its nice to get out of here at 5 though i wont lie . may go see snoop dogg at bluesfest tonight
id1	id2	neutral	None	interlaken , switzerland may 18th to 26th ( 6 nights at the camp ) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	ugh i wanna watch styled to rock now , but this stream is so shit . might just wait and watch it on catch up tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	ben sollee with luke and jordan lit up the cactus cafe last night . cant wait to see them gsdm tomorrow . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	#perfectcain now has his own day ! june 13 will , from here on out , be known as matt cain day !
id1	id2	positive	None	i should be at hype park celebrating with @USER 17th . have a blast ! x
id1	id2	positive	None	i dont want october to go :( its been sucha good month ; the vampire diaries s4 , taylors album , the pll halloween episode . wow !
id1	id2	negative	None	the sun sucked the life out of me yesterday at soundset
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 13th birthday to chip , the newest member of the knollwood lesson horse gang ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER oh right , thats alright then :) im off on the 24th at 4am . supposed to go on the 21st but i have to enrole at runshaw -.- x
id1	id2	neutral	None	james mays plasticine garden at the chelsea flower show : jane perrone talks to james may about his unusual choi ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER more good news : i recently won 4th place at the san diego county fair homebrew competition for my dunkelweizen .
id1	id2	neutral	None	les is back in haltwhistle tomorrow at the partnership office , feel free to call in for a cuppa & amp ; a chat about your business 10-4pm
id1	id2	positive	None	check us out tomorrow morning on kare 11 at 11:00 - we will be featuring the great copper river salmon in ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants to go with me to the bhc tomorrow to the meet & amp ; greet with tyler & amp ; catelynn from teen mom at 8 ?
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 4th from the studykas :) @USER fairplex URL
id1	id2	negative	None	having a really hard day . on the upside , im setting off to climb mount snowdon tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	roskilde festival starts today . tomorrow jakob bro+thomas knak will introduce their music bro/knak live for the first time @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	fans come out to eldora speedway this saturday where you will be able to catch brad hess , matt westfall , and jeff ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER going to wear my kenny lofton 7 shirt to work tomorrow to celebrate the ballot . psyched ! #hof #legend #gotribe #kennylofton
id1	id2	positive	None	i cant wait for thursday night ! yall wanna know why ? cause @USER going to be on #thenext on the cw network . stay tuned ! #kcru
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to runrig on friday night at barrowland . itll be worth the 5 hour car journey down .
id1	id2	positive	None	being at hot jam made me feel like it was a friday night and the weekend was ahead ... nope its only monday night
id1	id2	negative	None	thanksgiving break is like the thursday to christmas break which is friday . and now that friday is here i dont know what to do .
id1	id2	negative	None	last thing you need on your tv on a sunday morning is a ranting mehdi hasan .
id1	id2	positive	None	we would like to wish all the ladies & amp ; gentleman in the nursing profession a happy nurses day for tomorrow , 12 may ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is nurses day , and msc is celebrating it in a very special way . just stop by and make any purchase to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	free beer tasting with stone brewing in oregon this friday ! come hang out with me and erin and taste some beers !... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	merry 4th of july everyone . remember to give thanks for all the halloween candy youre going to receive on this day of columbus .
id1	id2	positive	None	all i know is that i took the 1st runner up in miss teen usa to prom #legit #leggo congrats @USER #loveyou
id1	id2	positive	None	the covers of the penguin lantern classics are brilliant . love the feel . content is good too ! signing tomorrow westfield parramatta at 11am .
id1	id2	positive	None	fishing for my 1st time ever today ... danee just fell into the dam must admit this is fun !!! #bunchofdrunks
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER anyone who plays football manager knows vermalen is 1st choice captain . besides , arsenal play better with a defender in charge
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looking forward to seeing you perform in april at the kirby center in pa =) happy holidays to you !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	psst ... heres the latest ... the fashion show starts tomorrow at 1:30 pm featuring splash dance , lullaby , & amp ; yodephy ! #buzz
id1	id2	positive	None	buzzing for eagles of death metal tonight . tuesday is the new friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	doing a tv note about hallmark movie : , a smile as big as the moon , about teachers fight to take kids to #nasa #space camp . airs abc sunday
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss author jonathan kozol will be at @USER wed . at 7:00 pm discussing his new book fire in the ashes ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	getting ready to join 1st kilmacolm scout group at the remembrance service . vital that young people understand what today is about #iscout
id1	id2	positive	None	this time tomorrow rndm will be rocking the house . theyre the best new group out there !! playing milwaukee come check them out .
id1	id2	positive	None	well that was a great success at bluesfest tonight ! looking forward to saturday night ! #tdbluesfest
id1	id2	positive	None	kind of excited to get back to the home state when we race with the outlaws on september 21st at eldora speedway !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER this one kid just told the bus driver he had two bottles of liquor for breakfast lmao i think ill sit with mitchie tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER and here is my mahiro from kiryu cosplay , its not totally finished xd i have a new shooting monday ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	amazing opportunity to get to take class with ballet west principal dancer christopher ruud next wednesday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looking very emotional at the remembrance service on sunday , danny . #respect URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we may be next to last in time zones , but were first in the summer olympics , and we all know thats what really matters .
id1	id2	positive	None	hype park , sun and shopping in london ! today is a good day ! :d
id1	id2	positive	None	sf mayor ed lee has declared june 13th as matt cain day & amp ; then gets a key to the city , awesome ! #sfgiants #mattcainday
id1	id2	neutral	None	the show starts tonight , and knollwood riders start first thing monday morning . allison , jenna , lexie , kerri ,... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	went to soundset on sunday and got the worst sunburn ive ever had in my entire life :(
id1	id2	negative	None	due to cancellation of the great yorkshire show , harrogate hwrc will now be open tomorrow . for more information visit URL
id1	id2	positive	None	settled in and ready to go for the 1st mountain stage . allez cadel . 2 min 2 weeks , you have time to get the maillot jaune . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER seeing england play for the first time when i went to them play the barbarians at twickenham in may
id1	id2	positive	None	book it : the lit show plays tomorrow at the creative alliance URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the tickets for the 2013 australian tour will be on sale on april 28th at 10am local time .
id1	id2	positive	None	exciting news - our keynotes for the 2013 event are official . wednesday we have the legendary , jonathan kozol ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER do you know how long alexandra burke will be on stage on thursday at hype park ?
id1	id2	positive	None	my dad is in town , get to see him on friday , then seeing skrillex at bluesfest on saturday . looks like its going to be a good weekend :)
id1	id2	positive	None	this may top the i ate my kids halloween candy from @USER #nud URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	free walking tour of luneta park and video art viewing at art park the night before christmas , sunday december 23 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hey girls , id love a follow back please please ! i cant wait to see you at blackpool illuminations on 31st ! love you xxx
id1	id2	positive	None	shows next week close to home warren , ohio june 22nd im gonna rock the bang mode concert , rockapalooza jackson , michigan june 23rd
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER we live 5mins from kirby center we always make great food . lol any free tickets my birthday is thursday would love to go !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #carriehfletcher are you going to hype park on the 4th ? :)
id1	id2	positive	None	just caught up on jimmy mcgoverns accused , very good . new silent witness on sunday too , its no lympics but 2 hours of entertainment .
id1	id2	negative	None	oh mehdi hasan . being anti abortion may not make you any less of a lefty but it does diminish you . and thats a shame .
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for tomorrow . new batman by @USER & amp ; @USER its the joker ! this is gonna be wicked !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER if a zombie apocalypse happened then raccoon city would be a reality . ( you may have to watch of the resident evil movies . )
id1	id2	negative	None	#afailedtextfromtoday you going to soundset ? -name withheld . uh , soundset was last sunday ... ahahahaha
id1	id2	positive	None	did some wrestling today in jiujitsu class . pretty pumped for the tournament on saturday
id1	id2	neutral	None	the opening ceremony for the next summer olympics will be held on august 5th , #rio2016 see you then :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : first friday #maythethirstbewithyou ( taken with instagram at rum runners ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	pre-order this super awesome riot fest shirt with all the bands on it as chicago wards . wed be in about the 5th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sitting watching #qt with my marxist sister in law . certainly makes it interesting and the 1st person ive heard who agrees with mehdi hasan
id1	id2	negative	None	so i went to a school to fill out a form with a #2 pencil omigod just realized i accidentally took the sat instead of voting today
id1	id2	positive	None	youth soccer season starts in 10 days nov 3rd . dont miss out on the action - register at URL
id1	id2	positive	None	on the train to the capital for the edinburgh derby . cmon the #hearts #believe #hmfc #theprideofedinburgh #heartofmidlothian
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER i may be wrong but i think he was at ironman wales !
id1	id2	neutral	None	#musictoday ben sollee - how to see the sun rise ( with lyrics ) - hd URL #blipfm
id1	id2	neutral	None	day 2 : halloween candy #november #photo #a #day #challenge URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	#chess_news #chess_previews_2012 #previews london grand prix opening ceremony : a party at the the 18th ... URL #chessdom
id1	id2	negative	None	man its tuesday you shouldnt be eating thanksgiving leftovers still
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dont miss jonathan kozol , author of fire in the ashes sept 11 @USER college 7pm discussing public school issues #educators
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER gav , what the eff is this ? ive just gotten home from roskilde festival , 1st internet in a week ... does this mean i am out now ?
id1	id2	positive	None	im going to the winspear opera house tomorrow night . dinner , then on to watch a lovely show at the opera . ;)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER have you seen the ladykillers is on more 4 this saturday aternoon 1.10 pm ??
id1	id2	positive	None	hey my charlotte , nc friends ! im playing the gin mill downtown tomorrow , friday , night ! show starts around 9 ! come party !
id1	id2	positive	None	its our 3rd anniversary ! can you believe that ? many thanks to all who have supported & amp ; are continuing to patronize mitchies sweet petites !
id1	id2	positive	None	spending the rest of the night with indy . what a guy ! star wars weekends tomorrow !!! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	crossfire hurricane , amazing film and finally some proper music on saturday night tv !! oh to have seen the stones live back then !
id1	id2	positive	None	-agent april is going with me to raccoon city . i bet carla got something in store for us ... but im always ready to fight-
id1	id2	positive	None	huge congrats to cbc former student tim glencross whose debut novel barbarians has now just sold in germany . uk is 4th estate !
id1	id2	positive	None	stone brewing is taking over smoqued bbq on tuesday , january 6th ! its going to be a great night ! rsvp on facebook . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	friday get out of the cold & amp ; join us at rum runners in dennisport , 9pm . then bundle up saturday and join george & amp ; ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	make sure your coach has turned in your chevy youth soccer ticket stubs for the cruz or equinox drawing in december ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER shook your hand in tolos in may , proud to have shaken the hand of the maillot jaune , congratulations !
id1	id2	neutral	None	grand bend patio drinking while the sun goes down . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER did you see that the world famous pub in lechlade from monday made an appearance in the opening ceremonies ?
id1	id2	positive	None	think im going to come back to edinburgh on the 3rd of january just for the edinburgh derby .. #cmonhearts
id1	id2	neutral	None	time to hit the sheets ! running a half marathon tomorrow at pomona fairplex for srla ~ #srla #goodnight
id1	id2	positive	None	were all no one ! party w/ nervo tonight at surrender nightclub ! grab ur bikinis & amp ; swim trunks for splash dance thursday ! txt me 714.8785254
id1	id2	positive	None	watch video tribute to dan wheldon from the espy awards on july 11 URL makes me sad yet happy to see dan so happy ... then
id1	id2	positive	None	hey @USER is you could keep it down while mastodon plays tomorrow at bluesfest that would be the best . thank you for your time .
id1	id2	positive	None	new batman with pops and the cats . good way to end this day ! #thursday !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER the falcons need to cut out late night college tweets and go to bed on sat nights
id1	id2	neutral	None	in #dallas tomorrow night ? see @USER petronio co @USER opera house . read interview re dancing with trisha brown . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	wheww i leave ohio june 3rd i dont even want to think about leaving
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone know what the weather on top of mount snowdons going to be like on saturday ? @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	whats that you say ? the ladykillers single is out on monday ? youre going to buy it ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i thought id go to 17 rehearsals , and squeeze in abc sunday live with rebecca chan and kristian chong .
id1	id2	negative	None	i cant believe i forgot today and tomorrow is the aviva london grand prix at crystal palace !
id1	id2	neutral	None	a 435-pound woman struggles with the hard work and commitment needed to get healthy on #emwl , abc sunday at 9pm
id1	id2	positive	None	defeat the red stars tomorrow night ! best of luck @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone fancy meeting @USER & amp ; me for coffee & amp ; cake at the tea chest in lechlade tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	nlcs , thursday night football , and a rerun of usa v lithuania game from the summer olympics . could this night get any better ? #probablynot
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER is hoping to get him the special beer 12/12/12 from stone brewing comp and save it for jt for his 21st birthday . :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	registration for youth soccer has been extended to july 29th . if you havent registered and are still interested ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget to check out the polish festival on roncesvalles this weekend - well be screening polish shorts from 2-4pm sat/sun !
id1	id2	positive	None	june 16th @USER s . wabash earth pearl collective presents earth festival from 2 -7pm . vendors vendors !! open to the public
id1	id2	neutral	None	recap : espy awards 2012 - in case you missed the espy awards , held in la last friday - here are the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	best way to spend a friday afternoon , watching the new batman .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#ayowaka @USER you did ya thing at hot jam in hartford , ct . last monday #bsm #tripleflife #squaaaddd !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to vance lee at rum runners in cocoa beach , fl - sep 7 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	spending a nice day at #dhs . enjoying all the rides before coming back for star wars weekends activities on saturday ! #sww #woot
id1	id2	neutral	None	wednesday night i had a half an hour chat about arsenal with antonio carluccio . standard
id1	id2	neutral	None	gelfand in the lead after 8 rounds of the london grand prix #chess with 5.5 /8 . URL nakamura loses 3rd game in a row .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#chessbaron news ; jonathan rowson reviews the art of chess - on sunday the participants of the london grand prix can ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	free stuff ! seriously ! come out to the maverik center tomorrow morning for kzht 97.1 fms pumpkin drop and win ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	splash dance every thursday in #vegas @USER come check it out before the pool season ends !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the clippers are guaranteed their first ever appearance on abc sunday , either game 7 against the grizzlies or game 1 against the spurs .
id1	id2	negative	None	i still dont even know what the fuck im taking at a level and i have to enrole tomorrow
id1	id2	negative	None	worst player in 1st half for liverpool : kelly , johnson , gerrard , suarez , shelvey . dont show tht youre wise , im liverpudlian , lets say fact
id1	id2	neutral	None	work in summersville and beckey wv for the next 3 days then back home thur evening
id1	id2	neutral	None	also , remember to have dinner at maverik center monday with the grand openings of little italy and el pasado cantina in the arena .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watched the 2nd part of crossfire hurricane last night . that means some goats head soup for @USER in the car this morning !
id1	id2	neutral	None	jonathan kozol : educator , author , activist will be speaking wed . september 26 at 7 p.m. at the dekalb high school ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	bowling then dinner w/ the family tomorrow for maites birthday (:
id1	id2	positive	None	were not dead yet , just busy setting up figments media . we promise to have an update sometime monday , do you want mk or star wars weekends ?
id1	id2	positive	None	new batman comes out tomorrow ! cannot wait to buy it haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	in honor of september 19th , international talk like a pirate day ... #whyistherumgone ... because of me . i am why the rum is gone .
id1	id2	neutral	None	my mommy daughter date to carrie underwood ! shelli went too with her friend ! my 5th time s @USER center URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	made a 96 on that paper that was due the monday after thanksgiving break !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER now you know how i feel when i was at riot fest . wait until you feel your knees and ankles tomorrow . xp
id1	id2	positive	None	hope youre all planning to tune in to ballet wests breaking pointe premiering on the cw on may 31st !!! you ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did you know , in jiujitsu when you get to your 4th dan , instead of a black belt , you wear a red and black belt ? #jiujitsu #ottawa
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to summersville tomorrow ! if you wanna tag along , get on fb & amp ; ask sarah starks if its chill for you to go ! #superpumped #yaycamping
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday bests : pabh , band of skulls , eagles of death metal , 2:54 , the horrors , me first and the gimme gimmes and less than jake .
id1	id2	positive	None	laying on the sofa with the fire on and watching the edinburgh derby will suit my sunday just fine .. #hibsvhearts #scottishcup
id1	id2	neutral	None	edinburgh derby at tynie put back 24 hours to 3rd january with a 7:45 ko .
id1	id2	positive	None	part 2 tour of hat yai . look at the amazing warm welcome and love for miss tourism 2012 world final on 16th URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER what at par ... you just miss me , admit it ! : & gt ; :)) but yeah danee , may umaasenso :p
id1	id2	positive	None	new hqs ! chanel iman arrives at the 2012 espy awards , la , july 11 2012 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget our beauty editor laura will be at westfield parramatta at 1.30 pm today ( sat ) with plenty of great tips ! come & amp ; meet her . #bwob
id1	id2	positive	None	lots of artists in and out today stocking up for tonights late night shopping in haltwhistle . glad to see the sun out ! see you later .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yayaaya , its okay i only sent it this morning haha :) vanilla fudge ?! & amp ; i cant wait its on sunday :) xx
id1	id2	positive	None	huge weekend coming up at the kee to bala ! come and celebrate kee-anada day with us on sunday ! we have a huge ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mehdi hasan thinks even left wingers offend muslims now URL but it may be left wingers more not even URL
id1	id2	positive	None	pretty awesome . jonathan kozol sat in on my session at the @USER conference !
id1	id2	neutral	None	grizzlies come back late to tie the game in regulation and then win 4-3 in a shootout friday night at maverik center .
id1	id2	neutral	None	be prepared to serve the baby boom market ! some homeowners in this segment may be unearthing buried plans to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER please come to phoenix comicon again ! the weather is so great here in may ... maybe not but it is sort of fresh hellish .
id1	id2	neutral	None	whos coming to eldora speedway tomorrow ?! 8pm in the fan zone . sponsored by yuengling - come get ya one .
id1	id2	positive	None	got floor seats for bon jovi in april ! i cant wait ! dead or alive , livin on a prayer , or going out in a blaze of glory . #superstoked
id1	id2	positive	None	harrogate is a spa town and the site for the great yorkshire show in july . this cottage is a great base for visiting URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	playa vista baby boom leads to a new school playa vista elementary opens its doors tuesday , serving 200 children in the coastal community
id1	id2	neutral	None	lechlades view on the upcoming clash with marlborough cc on saturday URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the ladykillers is to play the theatre royal in glasgow after a critically acclaimed run in the west end . it will open on 19 nov .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER you better be using a raincoat or an umbrella rack , or kiryus finest may throw you into prison for life !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER morgan may be next face of us womens soccer : they just didnt know who her opponent w ... URL youth soccer
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER @USER happy monday folks !! love the show aka pulse of jiujitsu !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	eels fans got a chance to pass the ball with the boys at westfield parramatta on sunday . URL #news
id1	id2	negative	None	went to grand bend saturday .. someone drowned that night in the lake .
id1	id2	positive	None	score ! i can say i had a nice day at the rndm show on thursday :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	pink floyd night at creative alliance tonight ! no lazer light show , just 5th l , ellen cherry , members of the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	in the middle of downtown dallas , is the winspear opera house . where i saw @USER on may 24th . best night ever . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	great price on salmon ! copper river salmon is just $9.99 a pound , fillet only , thursday 5/24 thru monday 5/28 while supplies last .
id1	id2	neutral	None	blaze of glory ... the bon jovi experience performs live at concerts in the park this saturday , 6/16 ! whats your favorite bon jovi song ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER loving all the rndm vids too ! will watch the rest tomorrow on facebook after work . thanks !
id1	id2	neutral	None	buy your ticket to see ben sollee at the lexington opera house dec 19 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you abc2 .. crossfire hurricane is on ! sunday night viewing at its best . #rollingstones @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	training camp resumes today and tuesday at maverik center at 10:30 a.m. and is open to the public . the team returns to the oval wednesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	runrig @USER tomorrow night . followed by stealing at home then lorenzo in the louden ... perfect . :-)
id1	id2	positive	None	happy veteran day ... may god continue 2 bless all current & amp ; former vets . thank you 4 all you do/done !
id1	id2	negative	None	omigod ! how dare they stop xfactor for a baseball game , than air it next tuesday . shitty ass channel
id1	id2	negative	None	ego still bruised after poor day of racing @USER wales on sunday . one more rest day then i think i should start doing something about it
id1	id2	neutral	None	the kee to bala just got drizzy : intimate concert in one of greatest venues with rapper @USER this saturday pm in #muskokas @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i cant wait until tomorrow , when i can watch the pll halloween episode without shame or guilt .
id1	id2	positive	None	eldora speedway - new weston , oh - saturday , june 30th - who is coming to get the $5000 ? lee cooper , max blair ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER since before pmr :d hehehe . ooh mitchie asked me to tell you youre invited to her sweet 16th ! hehehehe
id1	id2	neutral	None	how about walker rd ( top of hill ) and streets off walker ( spring hll , knollwood , maple , oak) ? out since monday . trees/wires on walker down ,
id1	id2	negative	None	the pitch for sat nights game is going to me atrocious due to the coldplay concert #iwantaamiparkback #mvfc
id1	id2	negative	None	if you are still mourning the cancellation of the great yorkshire show why not head to @USER at boroughbridge on 2 sep !
id1	id2	positive	None	international talk like a pirate days 10th anniversary celebrated : by kevin dolak @USER across the world to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	for international talk like a pirate day ( september 19th ) representing the kitties ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy day after international talk like a pirate day sept 19th !!! some great pirate facts in the latest edition ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	try the best wurst of portland at the polish festival : the 17th annual portland polish festival ... URL #portlandevents
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching crossfire hurricane for the 5th time @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	guysss please sponsor me and give as much as you can .. im climbing mount snowdon in feb ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	momma cried during the #sfgiants pre-game ceremony when they declared june 13th matt cain day . i havent met anyone more emotional than her
id1	id2	negative	None	just like the 2nd coming , am moving creepy - hot jam
id1	id2	neutral	None	danees fanbase told to me if her bday on dec 99 , but still dunno the day
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER all for one , out october 4th on blu-ray . its about their australian tour and can be bought at sanity
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to ben sollee at lexington opera house in lexington , ky - dec 19 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER youre way ahead .. im on blaze of glory ... 3rd play though lol !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	ooh operation raccoon city is 19.99 , i may pick that game up , if i have the strength to .. man i gotta sleep earlier .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER #raving in hvar in croatia surrounded by massive yachts ! veneranda tonight then carpe diems closing party tomorrow night !!
id1	id2	positive	None	the romney/libya moment was the fastest momentum stopper ive seen since that kenny lofton 3rd base stop in clevelands 2007 playoffs .
id1	id2	positive	None	stones bandmate jeffs new band rndm is playing the jimmy fallon show tomorrow night . check it out .
id1	id2	positive	None	well just did the polish festival today and it went great ! tomorrow we will be playing at the north stage near ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	tomorrow im going tell all my teachers , we not even supposed to be here ; its veteran day
id1	id2	positive	None	forget the 10 hour bus trips ! now you can fly from subang to hat yai comfortably in just 1 hour 20 mins . the 1st ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you @USER for the message . im very proud to be a liverpudlian , may i get your follback ? #liverpudlianloyalitastanpabatas #ynwa
id1	id2	positive	None	going to enrole at college tomorrow , cant wait : l
id1	id2	neutral	None	little mix participate in 3rd episode from the 1st season of the reality show fashion , styled to rock . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER like tomorrow , im going to get more ink my self , and probably go see ben sollee play ! ha good day !
id1	id2	negative	None	i just want to lay in the sun & amp ; mojitos all day . im kinda f*cking ready to retire from the f*cking rat race . to waikiki : me & amp ; danny elfman .
id1	id2	neutral	None	one hour til kickoff v @USER in long island . w/thursdays unfortunate forfeit , red stars are playing for 3rd/4th place in the standings .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i am going to the london grand prix on the saturday next year ! might meet you there !!
id1	id2	positive	None	thank god for having a sub in 2nd , watched the pll halloween special i missed the other night
id1	id2	neutral	None	halftime . red stars playing well but only found one goal in 1st half to keep it tied 1-1 .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#youknowyourefromsandiego when you call the san diego county fair the del mar fair . or just straight up del mar (:
id1	id2	positive	None	when the boys come to ohio june 18 2013 , if they play at cedar point , i will piss myself .
id1	id2	positive	None	#lallysmarine #boardbash 2012 coming to ohio june 30th ! make sure to check it out ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	five bottles left of stone brewings 16th anniversary double ipa . 10% abv , brewed with lemon verbana and rye . $7.49 for a 22oz .
id1	id2	neutral	None	alkek is down on the field and walks off to get looked at . red stars only have one sub left : a goalkeeper . 20th minute .
id1	id2	neutral	None	lough erne done , serious course , great driving on the 6th @USER all to play for tomorrow in concra woods #ballinacup2012
id1	id2	negative	None	you could almost hear the arteries clogging . icymi , latest report details unhealthy #s at the san diego county fair URL
id1	id2	positive	None	when i get to my cousins tomorrow im going ape shit on their halloween candy eating all the reese . xd
id1	id2	negative	None	have tickets for great yorkshire show on thursday - very disappointed with this weather !
id1	id2	negative	None	2nd attempt at watching pll halloween special . i hope my dad doesnt come and ruin it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	reminder that today is the final day to signup for knollwoods michelob open happening tomorrow @USER $60 for members & amp ; $80 for non-members
id1	id2	positive	None	tuesday night the cw network will be showing dr horribles sing-a-long blog . if you havent seen it , you should !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER - after the 3rd goal there is a clip of me , my son & amp ; his mate going mad in front of a very depressed liverpudlian !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just a gentle reminder that this years polish festival is on the 18th of november
id1	id2	positive	None	yup , bluesfest was wicked tonight . epic roofing job tomorrow . this is the life .
id1	id2	positive	None	going to wales with college next saturday to climb up mount snowdon :)
id1	id2	positive	None	come out and join @USER on december 15 , 2012 at the creative alliance for a wonderful christmas show and our dvd release party !!!
id1	id2	neutral	None	in reality , international talk like a dalek day is december 21st , the anniversary of the daleks first appearance ! @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i will be so dead after the 1st 4 days lol it will be like born - kiryu - kiryu - born - dead . xd
id1	id2	positive	None	you can be a switch on superstar ! every saturday , u get chance to turn on blackpool illuminations - it could be you ! text lights to 80039 !
id1	id2	positive	None	watching the live stream of miss teen usa while watching the olympics . great saturday ! :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : day 302 ( sunday , october 28 ) went to see the dress rehearsal for aida at the winspear opera house ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	a little taking back sunday as the sun goes down . @USER fairplex URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	think i may have an early night tonight and go to sleep after styled to rock !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER june :) isnt that the one with the outfits from styled to rock ?
id1	id2	positive	None	can you believe its the 13th and i still have unopened bags of halloween candy ???
id1	id2	positive	None	june 13th is now matt cain day in san francisco !! he also just got the key to sf . #perfectgame
id1	id2	positive	None	threshold opens for the fab 4 thursday oct 25 and friday oct 26 at the cove in normandy park wa ... dont miss it ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	have a spare red stars ticket for either july 7th @USER or the 14th @USER up for grabs . takers ?
id1	id2	positive	None	good tuesday morning . its the last day of the month which means at northside in summersville we are going to be moving cars . come see me !
id1	id2	positive	None	#thenext is on the cw network in 30 minutes ! you may already be in front of the tube , so tune in and support @USER w/us !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER o no !!! the great yorkshire show was cancelled for tmrw & amp ; thursday , its such a shame . so many businesses the weather is affecting
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saw your shout out on copper river salmon . you may like our take on it from seattle w/this recipe URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrows barbarians game at west harrow has been postponed due to the weather .
id1	id2	positive	None	on this day , 44 yrs ago , zeppelin played their 1st gig in north america as an opening act for vanilla fudge . tix cost $5 . #blewthemoffstage
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you missed ben sollee in studio [ avl ] check out his interview online tomorrow at URL again ben ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	attention ! the final release of tickets for circoloco go on sale this thursday at midday . please note the first 2 ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to the mutiny reserves tonite in their playoff match ! get it done ! big match tomorrow night in est longmeadow ! mutiny v red stars !
id1	id2	neutral	None	have you seen the 1st episode of styled to rock , the fashion talent produced by rihanna , dedicated to kanye ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	did anyone attend the polish festival in ealing on sunday and see the #uwl team there ? URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	saw col . deering / erin gray ystrdy , starting off sunday with gil gerard ( buck rogers ) panel , room 121 at phoenix comicon ! @USER #phxcc
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER knock to the ankle , should be fit for sunday . sturbridge is 50/50 . apart from that fully fit squad i think . vermalen still sick ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow we play roskilde festival @USER apollo countdown stage @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	7 stage wins from brits , maillot jaune for wiggins , 4th win on the champs elysees for cav , team sky hattrick to end with . #dominance #proud
id1	id2	positive	None	last day of my vacation ! it was a great one ! shinedown concert kicked ass on the 9th at bluesfest in ottawa !! :) URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER haha did you hear on friday when i like shouted fock me in a liverpudlian accent xd tate was just like -_-
id1	id2	neutral	None	wed . am , my two part interview with blues legend edgar winter . listen to 98.1 free fm at 6:20 and 8:10 am . hes at bluesfest on sat .
id1	id2	positive	None	ive just heard the edinburgh derby has been moved to the 3rd of jan . is this true ?? but as long as its still a night time ko im happy #pyro
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow night 9/8c on the cw network watch a new episode of #beautyandthebeast !! set your dvr for an exciting episode !!
id1	id2	positive	None	danee better still match with me tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	climbing frames for plants : the sun has been out , the chelsea flower show has been in full swing and we are all ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	would you adam & amp ; eve it , sun out morning after theyve cancelled great yorkshire show #harrogate
id1	id2	positive	None	come down to hype park this sunday for food , drink , and a video shoot with myself , kinetik , superior thought , the locksmiths and many more
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER yeah she is still at ballet west now in the 3rd year !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yes , near the winspear opera house in the dallas arts district . we have them mon-fri . heres a map : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im just going for a week in january , niigata is faaar away xd im so glad to see kiryu in an event @USER blaze ^^
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER come on . u mean to tell me u wouldnt prefer to act alongside maite once again for the 3rd time ? u just dont want ppl talking
id1	id2	positive	None	fantastic event in tenby on sunday with the second running of the ironman wales triathlon . more than 40 nations ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watched the pll halloween special . good !! have to wait till january for its return .
id1	id2	neutral	None	jfaa 48th annual art show opens this saturday at 12 . well be kickn it off with an array of activities & amp ; demonstrations in the art park .
id1	id2	neutral	None	del mar fairgrounds : the 22nd daa announces game on ! theme for the 2013 san diego county fair URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	solar gazing with pro equipment . meet 1pm sat 21 july , cawfields , hadrians wall north of haltwhistle . check here ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	review : nass new album : rapper nas performs during the 2012 espy awards in los angeles on july 11 . life is ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	stone brewing celebrates 16 years ! thurs well tap their 16th anniv ale , the new uber-fresh enjoy by ipa & amp ; a cask ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	with only two weeks to go until the release of thresholds brand new studio album march of progress , you can ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks so much to all of you who came to the remembrance service on the 11th . i had a great time and i love ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	visit the art park on monday and find fabulous things from my tag sale ! see you ! :d URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	someone may aswell lick my face it now tastes an smells of vanilla fudge #facemasssk
id1	id2	neutral	None	bradley wiggins with a itt fitting a maillot jaune . british 1-2 for the stage . also a team sky 1-2 . spartacus in 3rd .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you coming down to check out the 2013 phoenix comicon on may 23-26 ?
id1	id2	positive	None	going to be listening to a combination of manran , skerryvore , runrig and the vatersay boys on our drive to inverness tomorrow . #teuchters
id1	id2	positive	None	travelling to hat yai on 18 aug for 3 days and travelling to brunei on end of nov with some of my close friends ! #excited #heaven #pinchme
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeh but he no have the maillot jaune on ! could be bannister , wondered if may be small child ? next generation etc , or steve red
id1	id2	negative	None	2pm today - live webchat with antonio carluccio . were not excited at all . no , really * jumps up & amp ; down & amp ; squeals a bit * URL
id1	id2	positive	None	congrats to @USER for winning best male tennis player award at the 20th annual espy awards ! im so glad i voted ! :d
id1	id2	neutral	None	theater review : the blue man group at winspear opera house ignites wonder and exposes the inner child in all of us URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just received oblivion and the new perrcy jackson book - reading club get first look at them on friday .
id1	id2	positive	None	glad to see the response was ready by the time i got around to reading mehdi hasans article . URL thanks @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	full results from eldora speedway ! finished 2nd with the nra ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	matt cain just got hooked up ! key to the city and june 13th is matt cain day . #beatla
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait to see you perform on sunday at @USER #letitshow at the kirby center in pa !!! & lt ;3 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	hope i get free @USER tickets for the concert in ohio june 1st . d : #hopeful #desperate .
id1	id2	negative	None	de la soul is the shit too no lie
id1	id2	positive	None	monday morning laugh ! my mom sent me this and said she did this to us once , just for fun URL i ate your halloween candy
id1	id2	positive	None	omigod ! tomorrow is gonna be 12/12/12 . wow ! opposite day ? hmm . x
id1	id2	neutral	None	go see the marley movie wednesday night at the f.m. kirby center with george wesley opening . you will be ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on the 5th day of advent we have our double deck for @USER chelsea flower show #obadventcalendar URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the deadline to sign up for islamic relief fundraising mount snowdon challenge will be on friday the 21st . sign up on : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	beer garden : hop-driven ale marks stone brewings 16th anniversary : stone brewing in san diego just celebrated 1 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER heres a royal connection : the queen at the chelsea flower show and nz exhibitor . mention of rare nz maple URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	coastal coffee will be at the thanksgiving farmers market in grand bend tomorrow morning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just bought : danny elfman & amp ; tim burton 25th anniversary music box by tim burton via @USER URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	clifford the big red dog live ! is headed to the at &amp; t performing arts centers winspear opera house in november ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	stone brewings pasadena store officially opens tomorrow , right by the del mar gold line station ( via @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER @USER hellaw jan - should i wish you happy nurses day ??
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER merry mart sun is at the creative alliance !
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow is the only pool part at night to b at with @USER and @USER splash dance @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	what happens when you pitch a perfect game ? you get your own day . june 13th is now matt cain day in #sf ! #perfectcain congrats matt !
id1	id2	neutral	None	time for some nekromantix , gotta get them all up ins my head for the gig next saturday ^_^
id1	id2	positive	None	#mywishin2013 to get tickets to see 1d @USER maverik center in utah on july 25th (:
id1	id2	positive	None	if you are travelling to phuket before 31st august , we have a great deal to stay at the kee resort & amp ; spa , email us at honeymoo @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	i wrote my espy awards speech in 12th grade , i still plan on using this in the future ...
id1	id2	positive	None	june 13 is now officially matt cain day every year in san francisco . im just hoping to someday have a wing place name a sauce after me
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoyed taking leigha on the train to the top of mount snowdon sat
id1	id2	positive	None	great interview by @USER with bassist jeff ament from rndm : URL new album out tomorrow . @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	casual friday : weekend events & amp ; outdoors report : its the final weekend to see ballet wests the ... URL #utpol
id1	id2	positive	None	thrilled to hear jimmy mcgovern has bought the rights to alastair campbells 1st novel . huge opp . to get message to millions @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	got my t-shirt from the marching bands danny elfman show washed and ready to go for #spiritday tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	chiara atiks the secret catcher in 3gs sips &amp; scripts , tom @USER @USER gin mill . new play , cold draft & amp ; hot tots . cmon , you know you wanna .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER will go near interlaken , dont be surprised if my pics tomorrow look familiar to you :-) regions super popular in bollywood :-)
id1	id2	negative	None	for the 3rd year in a row , i total spaced and missed international talk like a pirate day ... argh
id1	id2	neutral	None	got a spare ticket to warners at the bay beer fest tomorrow . let me know ?
id1	id2	positive	None	finished for the week now and getting ready for congress starting tomorrow ! and , happy nurses day to all my fab colleagues :)
id1	id2	negative	None	omigod ! if the world ends on december 21 im going to be so disappointed because my life sucks and i have school that day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out me and the hubby at phoenix comicon this past saturday : medieval batman & amp ; wonder woman URL
id1	id2	positive	None	avast , maties : international talk like a pirate day thats right , todays the day . the 10th anniversary no less . tim ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i want to see ben sollee wednesday .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER why would i steal mejibray and kiryu stuff ? i dont listen to them ~ but i may mess with the shipping so it will arrive late hahaha
id1	id2	positive	None	#ngsgigpick just had a special moment , a duet between @USER & amp ; @USER on the 1st night of mr hugo races australian tour .
id1	id2	positive	None	sometime this afternoon @USER will give you a chance to see @USER at the kee to bala this coming saturday ! know your trivia
id1	id2	positive	None	its monday and its a full week 3 ! jonathan kozol tonight on campus & amp ; club fair on wed #weareallwinner @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	check out the scene at stylish wave extra on april 22 ! guild , zuck , vneu , hero , born , unite , micro head4ns , kra , kiryu ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i get back on sunday . i was in split for a couple of days but in hvar at the minute then back to split tomorrow
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 4th to everyone ! a day of fun and excitement awaits at cccr , plus blaze of glory - a tribute to bon jovi ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	asif got to enrole at college tomorrow at like 9 :( takin the piss
id1	id2	negative	None	damn my best friend is not going to riot fest this saturday since she has a test that night :(
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wife & i made a day trip from paris just to see the ladykillers matinee last wed . absolutely loved the show !
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to seeing plenty of people out tomorrow , who are showing their respects at the remembrance service at leeds town hall
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER btw , am at the ladykillers tomorrow . are you going to that one ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL mojo stone plays this wednesday night with luke reynolds and ben sollee ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss allison debona from ballet west & amp ; the cws breaking pointe teaching this thursday at 1:30 pm sign in early ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	on this day kast year : the 2nd team beat lechlade 2s by 8 wickets , ayman mohammed starring with 4 wickets and 49 not out .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tee shirt thursday ! first person to tell us where ( which town ) the art park studio and @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER dude !! im going to a polish festival on sunday with my room mate :d
id1	id2	positive	None	may 21 2012 . the biggest day ever for chelsea fans . one year later , may 21 2013 , the biggest event on that day is the chelsea flower show .
id1	id2	positive	None	crazy , the list keep growing ... sep 5th bdays @USER @USER john cage , werner herzog , jonathan kozol and freddie mercury
id1	id2	negative	None	off to enrole at college tomorrow , i dont want to grow up aghh .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i hope not ! not a cloud in the sky so far ! travelling to split tomorrow then in hvar next couple of days .. howre you getting on ?
id1	id2	positive	None	who wants tickets to wednesday nights dress rehearsal of aida at winspear opera house ? be one of the first 6 to ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	any webcomic creators ( besides the locals who i know will be there ) plan on attending phoenix comicon in may ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER wooop ! were in bol , a little island its peng ! going to hvar tomorrow for a night though cos its nutty there ! hows brella ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yep had a fair few lol , good job didnt hurt myself there , although worth it for him , gives me something to watch on sat nights
id1	id2	negative	None	i know im gonna be fucked because i have a long day tomorrow and im not sleeping yet ... i need a nice lullaby- blaze of glory ? lmao
id1	id2	positive	None	heading to the last saturday of star wars weekends for some intergalactic fun . #sww2012
id1	id2	neutral	None	any recommendations for a courier to take a data secure box 8kg from haltwhistle to london . preferably same day delivery next mon or tues .
id1	id2	positive	None	all are invited to the remembrance service this sunday at 4 p.m. in the chapel . this is a beautiful way to pay ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	all nurses specialy @USER & amp ; @USER happy nurses day . even if it may be a tough and tiring work for you . never doubt your job . :))
id1	id2	positive	None	plus side jiujitsu practice was fantastic today . also theres a chance ill attend the judo competition class tomorrow . #coolbeans
id1	id2	neutral	None	just watched some of the video i took from the public enemys 25th anniversay australian tour last night at the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	goodbye herbet lom - the ladykillers , spartacus , and a shot in the dark , that would make a great saturday afternoon triple bill
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER joseph arthur tomorrow at lincoln hall with rndm , a new project feat . jeff ament from pearl jam . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tomorrow practice what time ? cuz i hv to go to mysas hse to make thhe notebooks ...
id1	id2	positive	None	just caught up on tuesday nights accused , @USER was quality in the last two . all 4 have been quality jimmy mcgovern = great writer
id1	id2	positive	None	the lucky pennys production of threshold was fantastic - and the last show tomorrow still has tickets left !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER -nods- tomorrow will be a better day for gotham . our friend is the new batman .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 9k day ! they just honored matt cain . gave him the key the city and made every june 13th from here forward matt cain day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow is the last day to register for youth soccer , youth volleyball and tiny tot soccer ! - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	aiya i tell u all what kks will say ok , dont worry . danee will be joining early , and what is with hwa is a troll for our 3rd anniversary :)
id1	id2	positive	None	pll halloween episode with @USER + mcdo = fun friday night !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	beach trip is winding down . good day of sun , jiujitsu , and surplus shopping .
id1	id2	positive	None	mark you calendar for june 16th catch me performing at the first annual earth festival ! be there ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	huzzah and hurrah - we are doing a live webchat with antonio carluccio on nov 27 . get your questions in now URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im going up mount snowdon in wales next saturday . got some proper walking shoes now . just hope it doesnt rain/snow !
id1	id2	positive	None	soundset was a war between human beings and the sun but i think we won tho
id1	id2	positive	None	share if you think the only thing better than thanksgiving leftovers is an incredible black friday deal on your ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	were talking #breakingpointe this tuesday 6 pm pst with ballet west dance allison debonna . join the tweet chat right here ! #dance #ballet
id1	id2	negative	None	just realized im friends with miss teen usa 4th runner up and wondering why i dont try harder to talk to her .
id1	id2	positive	None	nurses day is may 12 . can you guess why ? hint : famous nurses bday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	yay going to see blackpool illuminations on tuesday with oli :d
id1	id2	negative	None	so you want me to re-watch pll halloween eps when the sun goes down , mom ? you must be kidding me . ill scream no ! even loud .
id1	id2	positive	None	great sets as well by @USER and @USER we do it all again sunday at rock im park . @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	rainy friday night in perfect for losing myself in the beauty of the chelsea flower show on @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ginas my 4th ? :) i went on nov 19th and omigod fell in love with her portrayal in 1 show !! i couldnt really get used to ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	participate in the new @USER contest . winner gets a special gift from maite . deadline is november 15 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	an update from @USER an athlete sponsored by birkett long who attended the london grand prix on saturday URL
id1	id2	negative	None	is it sad that if i didnt have pom on thursday i would go and see catelynn and tyler from teen mom speak ?
id1	id2	positive	None	judas kiss on friday , horse riding in hype park and shopping yesterday , bbc tour and westfields and dinner with friends today . good weekend .
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss the tron reunion with cindy morgan , @USER and bruce boxleitner , @USER at phoenix comicon in may ! #phxcc ~ sm
id1	id2	positive	None	well done to all the competitors of ironman wales . its the taking part that counts !! a special congrats to my hubby , your 10th ironman xxx
id1	id2	neutral	None	all the stone brewing verticals will be featured on tap tomorrow at @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	just to let you know , antonio carluccio might mention us on the great british food revival , bbc2 at 7pm tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	does anyone in my challenge & amp ; change class have the baby boom sheet for the test tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hello maite good to hear from you sa . no worries sa , already spoken to jj . good man , carnage sunday sa
id1	id2	neutral	None	genuine history in british sport . forget murray tomorrow , one british rider wins a mountain finish , another takes the maillot jaune .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watchin the espy awards re-run since i missed over 1/2 the 1st airing .. i know brittany griner go so much pussy tht nite after she won lmao
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER im starting the 30 marker in a min then im done ill do warners tomorrow shes long
id1	id2	positive	None	omfg ... phoenix comicon was a-maz-ing ! absolutely the best con ever . might go back tomorrow for iron fur suit ... well see .
id1	id2	positive	None	aww yiss , @USER @USER and i are going to look at pretty tattooed boys at nekromantix tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER very good idea ! i have to go college next wednesday to enrole ! how was youre holiday !? :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	#youknowyourefromsandiego if you still call the san diego county fair the del mar fair ( x
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER miss ya to buddy & lt ;3 what you saying monday night ? down for the kee wtb #hollaatme
id1	id2	neutral	None	on sunday , hours after the summer olympics officially came to a close in london , nbc aired their pre-ceremony mo ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the hub channel is it is fing awesome ! thurs night lineup from 12 am on : transformers , gi joe , new batman , alf ! i dont want to sleep !
id1	id2	positive	None	every time i hear a liverpudlian accent it reminds me of watching brookside with mum on a sat teatime #missthosedays
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER @USER can we go see catelynn & amp ; tyler at msu on the 29th ? its free :) #teenmom
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER then ur not watching . was in every show , every night , every day last week except for friday . took vacation to host miss teen usa
id1	id2	positive	None	saturday - the diggly dog had a fantastic walk starting at haltwhistle , through burn gorge and up on to hadrians ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	british invasion : hollywood summer nights goes uk with the ladykillers on aug 23 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	listening to the liverpudlian accent on the tv , actually cant wait to pick it up in september if i make it to uni #ohyes ;)
id1	id2	negative	None	pearl jams 2000 european tour ended in tragedy on june 30 , with an accident at the roskilde festival in denmark ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope my mom lets me go to wings tomorrow with mitchie !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the graduate @USER and janee no wait renee or danee or was it shanee no it may be lanee * shrugs * URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just found out @USER s adaptation of my 2nd favourite film the ladykillers is coming to edinburgh in the autumn
id1	id2	positive	None	rock im park was beyond awesome . need to write all the bands down that ive seen but im too tired . will do tomorrow . #goodnight
id1	id2	positive	None	excited for a day off tomorrow to celebrate and enjoy the san diego county fair ! whats more merican than a county fair , and fried butter ?
id1	id2	positive	None	we have just won our 1st match in the mysa international girls tournament ! go girls go
id1	id2	neutral	None	seeing @USER tomorrow for the #letitshow in wilkes-barre at the kirby center with some friends !!! :) see you tomorrow cody ! : *
id1	id2	positive	None	i miss black friday with @USER . when her mother always had us eat up all the thanksgiving leftovers !
id1	id2	positive	None	#80s #move alert : start your friday with a bang ... no a boom , baby boom is on @USER family in 5min . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER aye see . going to runrig on saturday up in inverness then going to knockhill on sunday !! x
id1	id2	neutral	None	couple spare tickets for circoloco on saturday . plus we also got transport to & amp ; from the destination . get @USER or text me of ur interested .
id1	id2	positive	None	is looking forward to doing the @USER 800m at the london grand prix tomorrow but really needs to start shifting this cold !!
id1	id2	positive	None	little bit excited about going to hvar on thursday with @USER @USER @USER #bringonthesun
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER are you going to be at hype park tomorrow ? :)
id1	id2	positive	None	finally friday !!! lets make it through the day , see @USER compete for miss teen usa tonight , then bridesmaids dress shopping tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	just got my tickets for the edinburgh derby on sunday #hibeees
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow it is definitely necessary for watching films after attending the remembrance service with the staff and pupils #givemetissues
id1	id2	neutral	None	the first time i got hit on i was 10 , at the polish festival by the rides . 2nd time i was 11 at the mall and he asked for my #
id1	id2	positive	None	pretty excited to be singing at westfield parramatta this saturday at 10.30 & amp ; 2.30 on the main stage ! who lives in sydney ???
id1	id2	neutral	None	time to finalize weekend plans . grizzlies host sfo fri and sat at maverik center . $5 off with can of food both nights . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER gonna be in croatia on wednesday but i dont think we will be near hvar until monday . how long you gonna be there ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	i wonder what my mom would say i i asked her about going to grand bend for may 24
id1	id2	positive	None	if i get to ask catelynn a question tom . night , i decided it will be how is your relationship with april ? i think its good , thank you .
id1	id2	neutral	None	is anyone gonna go see the nekromantix on the 3rd !!??
id1	id2	negative	None	on #afhv , abc sunday at 7pm - animals on the attack , weddings gone wrong , & amp ; a girls hair gets caught in an electric mixer .
id1	id2	negative	None	i am really missing hockey on sat nights , really board with nothing on tv end this strike soon please nhl !!! #nhl
id1	id2	positive	None	jersey friday , danny elfman , does it get any better ? @USER @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER thursday night , didnt know we had to enrole during the 2nd year aswell ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER it is widely disputed . this recent article by mehdi hasan in the guradian is quite good URL @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	check out derby on the big screen at tomorrow nights screening of @USER at creative alliance ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	why would you not want to spend all sunday at a youth soccer turnament ? mequon cup baby . ( 4100 w highland road 128n )
id1	id2	neutral	None	shane stewart made an overnight trip to the eldora speedway wear he grabbed is 18th win of the season on sunday ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	playa vista baby boom leads to a new school : the weekly saturday farmers market is now filled with baby stroller ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	max martin talks with lou ferrigno at the 12th annual phoenix comicon . see this video at : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	monday is over & amp ; its good mood tuesday ! at northside in summersville , we are in a good mood . so come & amp ; see me . ask for barry !
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER i know , but i have to drive to summersville tomorrow and dont want it to be bad . lol . start at go mart tomorrow at 10am
id1	id2	positive	None	win @USER tickets right now for their impressive 3d-enhanced performance at the kirby center this tuesday : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hope you have a blast at @USER and #daughtry tomorrow night i am going next saturday i cant wait binghamton ny here i come
id1	id2	neutral	None	the crown inn , lechlade summer beer festival starts tonight ! & amp ; dont miss lechlade cricket club big car boot sale on monday at 1pm
id1	id2	neutral	None	stayed in grand bend and watched the sun go down
id1	id2	positive	None	hopefully , summersville or somewhere tomorrow with my girls . or something . @USER @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	fastrackids back to school reading club - you may have started getting your child back into the routine of an ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER plays lt . joe bishop on the hit new series #beautyandthebeast !! check it out every thur . 9/8c on cw network !!
id1	id2	positive	None	my bestfriend is performing for tomorrow nurses day in school . hopefully shell do fine up on the stage . i love you : * @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	eagles of death metal definitely get you going on a monday morning .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching honey boo boo , gonna lay in the tanning bed , then try to sleep ! summersville with @USER and @USER tomorrow (:
id1	id2	neutral	None	2nd half about to start . no subs for the red stars to begin the half . wny kicking off . 45 to go ...
id1	id2	positive	None	loving the sun this weekend , went to lechlade for a picnic with hollie yesterday and will soon be heading over her mums for a bbq :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER just the hoys qualifiers that didnt take place on wednesday and thursday of the great yorkshire show .
id1	id2	positive	None	runrig has just come on in the car , getting me so excited for saturday :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	#landscape #footpath #rocks #wales #holiday . the long voyage upto the 4th checkpoint on mount snowdon . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	net net and danee gon beat my ass at school tomorrow especially net net she be on dummy
id1	id2	positive	None	tim chaisson is heading out on an australian tour with his first stop in newcastle , nsw on the 13th . his new tour ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tv : thursday on utah tv : ballet west takes a bow o ... : scott d . pierce writes about television for the salt lake ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	yall dont forget about my going away pool party ! this saturday at knollwood at 3pm !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER saw them at riot fest last saturday in chicago . hopefully youll have a moshtastic time like a i did !
id1	id2	neutral	None	november days of gratitude day 25 - thanksgiving leftovers - ive eaten them every day since thanksgiving and im ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	URL wednesdays featured property of the day is knollwood place apartments , in ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	come enjoy splash dance with robbie riviera this thursday @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	and then , warners has hobbit & amp ; gatsby n december . so the schedule is so dense that theres really no slot left to move gangster squad later
id1	id2	positive	None	phoenix comicon : a rhyn comic ? : i had a blast at the phoenix comicon . it ended sunday evening then we drove home ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	this saturday & amp ; sunday come join us the @USER at the pomona fairplex ! your ticket can win you a brand new car ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER are you going to danees thursday ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	good morning everyone after 4hrs of sleep we are back on the road to eldora !! fastrak racing series at eldora speedway for $5k saturday !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	question : i wore this shirt one time and it was the monday before thanksgiving break its too soon for a repeat right ?
id1	id2	negative	None	let me tell you two things that dont mix : tuesday night eagles of death metal gig , and wednesday morning 8.00 am meeting #sleepyflora
id1	id2	positive	None	it is not too late to sign your k-5th grade child up for the little tornadoes reading club at the dover public ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	statesboro , ga has just been added to the tour dates for sept 28th at rum runners !
id1	id2	positive	None	just got invited to a track camp in ohio june 30 & amp ; july 1st
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER are you gonna be in disney world for star wars weekends again in may ? please say yes .
id1	id2	positive	None	tomorrow going to hat yai then penang :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER where will i find out tomorrow at bluesfest ? im just going to see grimes and then a bit of airborne toxic event .
id1	id2	neutral	None	daddies , lock up the cheerleaders nekromantix are here in october ! oct 2 - the rosemount , perth ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	copper river salmon is here- enjoy the 1st taste of summer , even though its raining outside ! & amp ; mark your calendars for friday-one day sale !
id1	id2	positive	None	polish festival starts later today & amp ; goes until sat . in de . so if you want to try polish beer this is the place ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	ooh , a friend just offered me a ticket to the antonio carluccio show on wednesday . i like having nice friends .
id1	id2	neutral	None	thresholds new album march of progress is now out ! what song do you like the most ? if you wanna help the bands ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	sorry about macs passing but glad to hear threshold is coming back with something solid . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER tyron the next time the espy awards come at 8 tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	you must be pretty awesome to get your own day & gt ; & gt ; june 13th is matt cain day #sf #sfgiants
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i think the thought of styled to rock being on tomorrow evening is going to get me through school tomorrow :)
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER its gonna be a lot of walking , running , and jumping on the tops of sticks .. may just want to get a gun and learn jiujitsu
id1	id2	neutral	None	i took this on saturday night at the nekromantix gig in sydney #nekroman #lux #nekromantix #psychobilly URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	in here on beasts of the southern wild , the campaign , resident evil : retribution , warners crime does not pay dvds : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	celebrating international nurses day , 12 may - closing the gap : from evidence to action . happy nurses day . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	news : pearl jam side project rndm headed for troubadour - & amp ; ldquo ; did you see maroon 5 on & amp ; lsquo ; saturday night live &amp; ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	miss teen usa - just met with essence magazine ;) watch for my interview on their website this thursday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	day 19 sat in hvar with 30degree sunshine and countless beaches , but would rather be at home watchin super sunday , find me a bar #unmissable
id1	id2	neutral	None	veteran day program for dda on the 12th let us not forget the men of pow*mia and i want to thank all the soldiers for their service .
id1	id2	neutral	None	theres going to be a baby boom about 9 months after december 21
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to threshold at celebr 8.2 festival in kingston upon thames , united kingdom - may 11 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	masked warriors live is coming to the alamo city on friday , may 11 . check out our feature in mysa !... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st game played under solar powered floodlights in the world happened in mysa , nairobi kenya . #philipsled
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hope to see you at threshold : rebound on folsom sunday ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the day of thanksgiving break was a tuesday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch @USER first lady out the water @USER ironman wales is on channel 4 this sunday at 6:35 am .
id1	id2	positive	None	milano , italy- tomorrow mount snowdon , wales- 10 days london new years/bday-11 days bring it onnn
id1	id2	neutral	None	college tomorrow ... might just lie about my age and go enrole in year 7 at the hawthornes ...
id1	id2	positive	None	hype park may have finished me off this weekend but i loved it ! the boss yest topped paul simon today for me though .. i have the best boy !
id1	id2	positive	None	every friday evening that starts with watching @USER live at rock im park ( online stream ) is a good friday evening !
id1	id2	positive	None	i will be purchasing the new batman on dvd tomorrow , my sunday night is going to be awesome !! #batmanrules
id1	id2	neutral	None	sun going down over rock im park , germany . off to watch the offspring URL
id1	id2	positive	None	workin on my music as we speak .. gonna be a reall treat for those show at the maverik center july 25th 2013 xx
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hey nigga genevieve cant go shes going to cali and ill talk to maite tomorrow bc she wasnt at skool today
id1	id2	neutral	None	its already the home of the star tours attraction , its where they hold star wars weekends every may , so why not ? ...
id1	id2	positive	None	thresholds new video for staring at the sun , which was selected from a fan video contest . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	blackpool illuminations on a sunday night , you gotsta !
id1	id2	positive	None	taking it down to the wire with deciding how to interview dr bill sysak out at stone brewing tomorrow . i want to ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	orange horizon when the sun is coming up but dark eerie sky ? welcome to raccoon city
id1	id2	positive	None	wow , whats good time last night !!! love the old skool jams ! today i rest ... tomorrow back to the kee to bala ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the living earth festival is going to be pretty sweet !! if youre in the dc area be sure to stop by the american indian smithsonian tomorrow
id1	id2	neutral	None	obama , merkel , hollande and others are headed to lough erne for the g8 in june - huge story . ill have more on #bbcnewsline in a few minutes
id1	id2	neutral	None	i just removed kenny lofton from my hall of fame vote . taking his place : todd walker . the slightly better-than-average 2nd baseman .
id1	id2	positive	None	yup just rsvpd to see catelynn and tyler from teen mom on thursday ... #noshame
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER pratchett rocks . hes always 1st choice for britlit kids picking 1st book for reading club
id1	id2	positive	None	very excited about roskilde festival tomorrow ! on pavillion stage at 7.30 pm @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	gotta make my dinner run before my abc sunday lineup starts ...
id1	id2	negative	None	mysa has closed the laurel point fields , due to the weather conditions . all sessions there on monday are canceled . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	we just received more tickets for blue rodeo at the kee to bala saturday may 19th and sunday may 20th . tickets ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER - the sun is shinning so happy nurses day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	rndm has a beef with canada . tonight in montreal @USER tomorrow night ottawa @USER commons theatre URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	back in the air chair tomorrow as hot jam medias hot jam with suzanne returns from 11am-1pm with a tweak ! the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	mehdi hasan will be debating the issue of drones on sunday live in a few minutes
id1	id2	neutral	None	why is copper river salmon some of the best fish in the world ? find out may 26
id1	id2	negative	None	keep thinking its tuesday & amp ; get excited because styled to rock will be on then i realise its only monday & amp ; i have to wait till tomorrow :(((
id1	id2	negative	None	10.10.12 : my 1st encounter with snow at jungfraujoch . bad weather today in interlaken
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER after sat nights game on whk 1420 , @USER is on with us , plus we have tickets to the next home game to give away ! rt ?
id1	id2	positive	None	happy birthday @USER i got you a red letter day once in a life time fishing trip on lough erne . mon round and get it .
id1	id2	positive	None	baha , as if im singing in front of people at bluesfest tomorrow ! everyone is going to be so great ! #sinkingin #feelingsick
id1	id2	positive	None	thursday night features with a bonus ! its the end of copper river salmon season so get it while you still can : ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	happy september 28th ! - midorilied : aka : the day raccoon city was fucked have a good night . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good day ? you still at lechlade tomorrow ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER get well soon , danee :) take a rest well tonight ! hope tomorrow will be a good day for you \(^- ^ )/ hwaiting ~ ~
id1	id2	positive	None	sunday november 11 join me in st petersburg for the faerie and earth festival . i will be painting live all day ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER yeah and the course is full now ! i have to wait and see if someone doesnt enrole tomorrow then i get their place !
id1	id2	negative	None	omigod im so fuckin sick of this family . why the hell r u inviting us to ur house ruining my saturday when ur kids arent even gonna be here !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER climbing mount snowdon tomorrow . any idea what the weather will have in store for us ??
id1	id2	positive	None	i may cover the eagles of death metal next ... because yeahhh URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	photo : tomorrow i go back to work after the roskilde festival . life goes on . nevver : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	we are working hard to fix the motor so we can race for the 1st time at eldora speedway for the kings royal . hope to see you there
id1	id2	neutral	None	it all began as an ordinary day in september ... an ordinary day in raccoon city , a city controlled by umbrella .
id1	id2	neutral	None	where have you been since 5th grade ? - sandra to maite
id1	id2	positive	None	defending the production of sustainable cotton for african countries : interlaken 8 october 2012 . mr. s ... URL #wcoc09
id1	id2	neutral	None	finally watched pll halloween episode . will now watch gossip girl then 90210 . homework day tomorrow !!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER russmalone has a late shout out and thanks to the grizzlies , plans to be at maverik center on friday as usual #gogrizz !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	end of an era ... im leaving hampstead theatre after 3.5 years at the end of august to go on tour as technical manager on the ladykillers !
id1	id2	negative	None	awww man , great yorkshire show has got cancelled . @USER what are we going to do tomorrow now ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	every june 13th is matt cain day . mayor ed lee is goofy , but he got that right . and all my future votes .
id1	id2	neutral	None	low shot from 18 yds by weissenhofer , but it rolls harmless to the right of the post . 31st minute . still 1-0 red stars .
id1	id2	neutral	None	going to barbarians at the gates : paintings ... at dac gallery on tue , oct 16 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	there is still time to get over to the gin mill in northampton-week 6 qualifying round thursday night ! URL and facebook !
id1	id2	positive	None	to my dc friends ! saturday is the living earth festival including an organic farmers market , native american ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	some baby boom with diane keaton and corn flakes - happy monday !
id1	id2	positive	None	5th grade alps students encouraged their peers to donate halloween candy for the halloween candy buy back ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	make sure you tune in to skyliving tomorrow at 9pm if you live in the uk to catch @USER new fashion show styled to rock
id1	id2	positive	None	nice to see ironman wales made the top five bike course list URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER kiryu made an appearance in segas binary domain ... i may have to play the game now ...
id1	id2	positive	None	if you are planning on attending phoenix comicon later in may , youll want to get your discounted ticket today ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER catelynn and tyler are speaking tuesday , the 9th at 8:30 pm , in the south ballroom of the bernhard center . fo free !
id1	id2	neutral	None	next thirst , fri , sat nights @USER will be here . original signed pic on the agora office wall URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER can . i keep in my perut k ? btw you should come to hat yai fri-sun short getaway . not bad yknow
id1	id2	negative	None	after arsenal sell song to barcelona we may as well sell vermalen , give szczesny away on a free and make sure our complete spine has gone .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yeah honestly , going up to see my gran plus my cousin got tickets for the edinburgh derby on sunday . yeah course you can
id1	id2	positive	None	day off tomorrow , family day out to blackpool illuminations !!
id1	id2	neutral	None	the only thing people get out of u.s history in 10th grade is the baby boom
id1	id2	positive	None	come to the baltimore screenwriters coffee club - this tuesday at the creative alliance !! its always fun !! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	when we all agreed that we wanted to see the return of the tour i dont think we mean tuesday tests and meaningless barbarians games .
id1	id2	positive	None	we want to wish good luck to all our red stars that are kicking off their college season tonight around the country ! well recap on monday .
id1	id2	positive	None	for fans of classic progressive metal ... thresholds new one march of progress is out now ! find it online : ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i love modern dance at the uofu but watching nutcracker at home made me miss ballet . still stoked to see ballet west on friday !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	sat in the library trying to give laryngitis to several people via mind-power . especially the liverpudlian girl . #stfu
id1	id2	positive	None	im still mulling over the ideas and challenges of thursdays mysa conference in rockhampton . such a great session . #mysaoz
id1	id2	neutral	None	volunteer time ! remembrance service invitation mail out will be here at the christi center on thursday nov 15th ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	omigod ! you are sooo good at stupid . so if i didnt call you , youd have sat there on your high power train n watch me wait ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER catelynn and tyler from teen mom are going to western to speak next tuesday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks . yes they are coming to rock im park *-* i cant wait to see them for the 1st time of my life !!! how is it in belgium ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	knowing i can stay up all night coz its saturday and i can sleep in on sunday just makes me sleepier on sat nights
id1	id2	neutral	None	heading to split and hvar today , then tomorrow in hvar and the following day on pag island
id1	id2	neutral	None	if you think your sleep patterns were off during thanksgiving break ... wait until jan 2nd . @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER i mean 6th to 2nd of course ... 2nd to maillot jaune tonight !!! go cadel !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	shooting psychobilly band nekromantix at the hi-fi this friday , and i have a +1 available . if you wanna see them for free , lemme know :)
id1	id2	positive	None	congratulations to jessica lee morgan , who placed 3rd runner up tonight at miss teen usa . jessica also won miss ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER just seen you live at the enmore in sydney . amazing !!! best solo gig ive ever seen . are you at bluesfest in march ???
id1	id2	positive	None	and the hat yai fashion festival kicks off ! the 1st of the 300 models tonite ! thks @USER fr the opportunity ;) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	drake tomorrow at the kee to bala . this might be the most excited i have ever been for a concert
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy sunday to you too maite !
id1	id2	neutral	None	our tuesday tv pick is the grand finale of @USER styled to rock - and theyve got a riri challenge ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER .. catelynn , tyler , april .. now farrah is on , shes so hateful !
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to presenting at the @USER conference tomorrow in saratoga and getting to spend time with jonathan kozol again . #edchat
id1	id2	positive	None	special from tim brown only tonight and saturday !!! copper river salmon ( available only for 3-4 weeks a year ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ok i found it . so i just kinda remembered that i wont be here tomorrow so . i guess we can finish it and then talk to maite
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thursday :d and well its that winter wonderland at hype park ( google it ) it looks fab !
id1	id2	neutral	None	been listening to runrig and eddi reader on loop since i left scotland on sunday . think it means i miss home (& amp ; poss have bad taste in music )
id1	id2	negative	None	we were going to go to the great yorkshire show on thurs . for hubs bday . it got cancelled . he is v sad .
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone want to come to art park tomorrow after school with a few others ? if you do tweet me :) x
id1	id2	neutral	None	special labor day cool out goes down tomorrow night @USER gin mill 10-2
id1	id2	positive	None	monster truck show on 4th of july ? oh i think sooo ! kaboom show at the pomona fairplex tomorrow (: i hope its fun .
id1	id2	negative	None	at the hotel room in dannok , thailand ... so tired for a long trip last friday night and shopping at hat yai yesterday ...!!!
id1	id2	negative	None	its a monday , im in muskoka , yet im not going to the kee for resort night . what the fuck is happening ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the nfl cleaned up at wednesday nights espy awards : from the blog shutdown corner : of the 10 awards that could ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to nekromantix at reverb in reading , pa - jul 24 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ima just go with danee tomorrow , thanks tho
id1	id2	negative	None	im so sad its still not tuesday yet because i want to watch @USER on styled to rock !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER look for a live version of just older , its one of my favorites . and if they play blaze of glory in july , ill die . & lt ;3
id1	id2	neutral	None	does anyone have photos from the @USER show this past saturday at the kee ? one of our own , @USER was on stage ! @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	got a good day planned with mrs w and kids and off to see blackpool illuminations tonight :-) then away with work yet again tomorrow :-(
id1	id2	neutral	None	may aswell wear my new batman tshirt and watch nolans trilogy tonight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER come visit the grand national roadster show in january at the pomona fairplex . literally hundreds of sweet rides !
id1	id2	neutral	None	just put the final book in the blaze of glory supehero trilogy to bed . sale date of october . mixed feelings but eager to see whats next !
id1	id2	positive	None	nekromantix with blazin entrails tomorrow night @USER rosemount . make it if you can ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im in thailand laa . hat yai to be exact . will be going to krabi tomorrow :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	the b-52s rock the l.a. county fair with berlin featuring terri nun , pomona fairplex , fri , sep 7 @USER 50% off , URL
id1	id2	positive	None	tonight dont miss @USER @USER and thursday night @USER for the splash dance pool party URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER looks like im going to do that 1st & amp ; i have yet to play the re : operation raccoon city game its always out of stock on redbox
id1	id2	positive	None	day #12 - monday , 11/12 - thank a veteran day . brave men and women who have served their country with honor surround us . find a veteran t ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	make sure you buy tickets for mobtown moon preview at creative alliance on sat , sep 8 ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hi , the police put me away from rock im park on sunday . can we talk about the system behind such mega-organization like rip .
id1	id2	negative	None	you know , soundset was the shit but i dont like this sun burn
id1	id2	negative	None	omg i wanna go hype park on thursday , so jealous of everyone going
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER got my gt ! june is gonna be marsmonth ! berlin , rock im park and rock the beach ! cant wait to see you again
id1	id2	neutral	None	an update from @USER an athlete from basildon we sponsor . on sat gemma attended the london grand prix - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	climbing mount snowdon for charity in february !! would love for you to sponsor me ( pretty please !! ) :d URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	for student council members : make sure you bring at least one dessert for the veteran day assembly this friday ! #passthewordon
id1	id2	positive	None	#awesome tomorrow starts the 3-day festival , @USER davis , known as the whole earth festival . this weekend is gonna be sunny ! ;-) im off too !
id1	id2	positive	None	kenny lofton threw the 1st pitch !! glad i seen that !
id1	id2	positive	None	city of sf honors matt cains perfect game with june 13th , now known as matt cain day . quite an honor for his perfect game-well deserved
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER haha !! omg , best film ever ! puts me in the christmas mood .. woah !! irish was so boring on friday , omigod .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching pll halloween event for the 4th time and im still shaking lol
id1	id2	positive	None	we just found out we got accepted to race at the l.a. county fair at pomona fairplex on september 8th , yippeee !!
id1	id2	negative	None	veteran day is tomorrow and i have a project due ? o.o
id1	id2	neutral	None	the shoxx where kiryu appears in the company of r-shitei is out ! it is the number of november , with cover , mucc ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the ya summer reading club ends on august 18 . register and record your books to earn cool prizes before its too late ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	missed @USER at soundset due to tornado . now they are going to in dsm tomorrow . do i want to put up with crowds and spend $45 more ?
id1	id2	negative	None	omigod , shes gone hysterical . i think she may actually be weeping from laughter . @USER #startrekvoyager #cardassians #notkardashians
id1	id2	positive	None	obama will be the 2nd biggest person to stay in lough erne golf resort after bert mccormick #fact #cantgetitcantbegot
id1	id2	negative	None	//october-ppropriate oingo boingo . where danny elfman looks at you like a serial kill the whole video URL so 80s
id1	id2	positive	None	driving from venice to interlaken . the sun peeks through the dark clouds @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER arrived in split today . lakes were amazing . off to hvar tomorrow . will keep you updated :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	last weekend for star wars weekends . havent been back since the first night . need to go tomorrow to experience more than hoopla/carbonite .
id1	id2	positive	None	whereubat lets do it bizzle . ill be free tomorrow an at soundset so itz watev
id1	id2	positive	None	dj smoke , pete c . and realizm @USER gin mill in kearny this saturday !! URL no cover ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just watched the amazing spiderman for the 1st time and it is amazing i loved that i truly missed danny elfmans score though
id1	id2	neutral	None	closing the halloween party friday night @USER runners .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha , the 25th ! just tell me when & amp ; ill make a trip to summersville for the day !
id1	id2	positive	None	watching crossfire hurricane with my dad . what a monday night !
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone want to go to star wars weekends with me saturday the 9th ? its kind of an important day and i dont want to be by myself .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to nekromantix at grand central in miami , fl - jul 27 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	de la soul is going to be at the cabooze on 4/27 ... that is going to be a great show ...
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER damn it ! i was gonna see if you wanted to go visit mitchie with me on friday ! :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	star wars weekends wraps up tomorrow . heres the weekends event guide . anyone going ? URL
id1	id2	negative	None	if the snow prevents me from seeing runrig tomorrow ill be really annoyed , ive been waiting all year !
id1	id2	positive	None	interested in joining team ymca strong kids in the rum runners relay on sept 29 from hfx to lunenburg ? for info email leslie_tinkha @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss the fr ted quiz for threshold hosted by the hilarious @USER ( aka fr damo ! ) 18 dec @USER tix URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if youre at marton mere from the 3- 28 sept , you can take the blackpool illuminations open top tour bus at 8.30 pm mon-fri to see the lights !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER getting ready to go to da airforce in january , music , and workin basically about it ... yhu still stay in knollwood apts . ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ill try sometime ! its about time i dropped in on a few old friends anyway ! goin to see cinderella this thurs . in art park !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yep , bestival in september . you seen the line up for #brisfest looks pretty good . de la soul for starters . :d
id1	id2	positive	None	anyone want to go to riot fest on saturday with me ? please ? it is a free ticket .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy to be celebrating toranis 87th fourth of july at the san diego county fair . come out tonight for the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	if that kid on the catfish preview really met miss teen usa online , im signing up for URL tomorrow .
id1	id2	neutral	None	gotta show coming up in the atl . june 6th then in ohio june 16th
id1	id2	positive	None	cant wait for @USER tomorrow night in binghamton ny ! really just wanna see how crazy the lights and people are gonna be :d #pumped
id1	id2	negative	None	i am surprised the australian tour dates havent sold out as fast as the ones from the pink friday tour
id1	id2	negative	None	well ... it looks like resident evil 6 may divided gamer like operation raccoon city did . oh well , shit happens .
id1	id2	positive	None	had a great evening learning about adoption and seeing catelynn and tyler speak . i admire their courage and strength ! friday tomorrow !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks ! we are only their on the friday so were gonna try to see eagles of death metal , black keys , band of skulls , and others ..
id1	id2	positive	None	great times and great show last friday night with ben sollee ! thanks to ben and headliners and everyone that was ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tomorrow well be at eldora speedway ! did you know ... this 1/2 mile clay track , is known as the big e and can ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	mix six pack from warners at the bay tonight . bitter & amp ; twisted beer festival tomorrow . i love my #craftbeer
id1	id2	neutral	None	on our way to binghamton ny for our show at the downtown quarterback . go to URL for info on the show tomorrow night !
id1	id2	neutral	None	eimear mullan is still in 2nd spot as the marathon starts in ironman wales .
id1	id2	positive	None	seriously cant wait until tuesday ... really want to make the new batman trilogy my next purchase for myself but wondering if theyre ...
id1	id2	positive	None	its nice and sunshine here at the kee resort today , you may know it from the looks of these orchids near the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	summer reading club members : tomorrow is the last day to log any more books .
id1	id2	neutral	None	home opener saturday at 7 , post-game skate with team as they look for 2-0 start . tickets at maverik center and URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	who watched the miss teen usa pageant this past saturday ? tell us your favorite moments . did you think logan west would win the whole time ?
id1	id2	negative	None	the 1st sentence i said at the til definitely wasnt in a liverpudlian accent and i definitly didnt have to keep it for the whole transaction
id1	id2	positive	None	de la souls song buddy just made my friday ! #jammingatmydesk
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER get back to pulling pints ! going v well . in croatia tonight then going to island of hvar tomorrow . gonna be another big party .
id1	id2	neutral	None	winchester wednesday is almost here ! are you ready for #supernatural ? -- cw network @USER
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER as far as i know its just an australian tour that soundwave touring as lined up for september but they are still waiting on +
id1	id2	positive	None	join the team at eldora speedway on saturday for family fun night #2 !! matt westfall , brad hess , and jeff babcock ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	the best thing about this weekend - going to the edinburgh derby on sunday . #hmfc #prideofedinburgh
id1	id2	neutral	None	ah june 6 ! okay , then ill just drive directly from berlin to rock im park , haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	stacey , lynn , karen & amp ; all the team at lough erne resort are in full swing getting ready for this weekends 15th ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER bruh , thursday after thanksgiving break was beyond off the map ! they set the standards high that night and i was sober
id1	id2	neutral	None	1st capital canada day , 12 hour telling of the odyssey , beirut and mastodon at bluesfest , craft brewery tour #whatdidyoudothissummer
id1	id2	neutral	None	next saturday the 1s are home to lechlade , whilst the 2s are at trowbridge . matches now start 30 mins earlier ( see p32 & amp ; p53 of handbook )
id1	id2	negative	None	if muslims like mehdi hasan are extremists , who are the moderates ? the implicit , insidious message : there arent any URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER 4 days he has so hopefully this cloud will be gone for when brad dons the maillot jaune on sunday my friend . #peepotb
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss the new ballet west reality tv series on the cw tomorrow . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i have loved you since you played for the red stars ! can i get a retweet or response for my 19th #birthday ? itd make my life :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	come to hot jam with suzanne friday , november 9 from 11:00 am to 1:00 pm . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to nekromantix at el plaza condesa in mexico city , mexico - sep 1 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	adult summer reading club ends on august 4th . make sure to log your items before the deadline : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dear @USER is it me or has the sun shone ever since @USER confirmed the maillot jaune on the tt ...? #sungodonamission
id1	id2	negative	None	sucks i cant go to the nekromantix show or the brian setzer orchestra show tomorrow and saturday :( i really want to go :,(
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to spinning the legs out tomorrow . check out the profile of the bike course from ironman wales . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	baby boom should be about launching bastard kids born into welfare lives into the fucking sun like superman did with nukes in superman iv .
id1	id2	positive	None	i watched a video of linkin park at rock im park and found my friend in the first row like 3 times :d thank god i stood in the 2nd lol
id1	id2	positive	None	rehearsing with da legendary de la soul for roots picnic sat ... wowow !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER met you at the w , espy awards . look forward to seeing you sat , on the red carpet -bobby kimball , eddie mon URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER hi john im interviewing antonio carluccio tomorrow , what mushroom question will make a good one ? x
id1	id2	neutral	None	since the tfaw thing is tomorrow , should i do the polish festival on sunday to spread it out , or just be out a long time on saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	ben sollee live @USER how to see the sun rise ( re-mastered in hd ) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yes . may she not make trouble in t-ara and danee too . she still young , like me -.-
id1	id2	negative	None	pissed off with cable tv for taking away the cw network . now i cant watch wwe saturday morning show , vampire diaries , etc ! this ruined me .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ... hope the sun shining on you in haltwhistle today ... drum up any support ??
id1	id2	positive	None	oc folks - see below : if you are in orange county tomorrow , come to our beacon summer olympics at la palma ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	have paid my respects today at the remembrance service for those who gave their tomorrow for our today . lest we forget .
id1	id2	positive	None	i just want friday to get here already ! im buying resident evil operation raccoon city ! ;d
id1	id2	neutral	None	#saturdaymorningslam tomorrow morning at 10am on the cw network ! @USER vs @USER will be taking place
id1	id2	neutral	None	#mariahcarey announced australian tour . are you going to buy a ticket ? URL #australiantour #january #tickets
id1	id2	positive	None	to do list : kick of your saturday night right with ben sollee at u street music hall ! URL @USER @USER @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	u know its going to be a good bachelor party when u get the bar & amp ; the 1st song to come on is blaze of glory bon jovi #notenoughbudlight
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im coming over 3 hours 2 see you at hype park at london in august , cant wait :) please follow me xx
id1	id2	positive	None	the netherlands came out 2nd in the 4x100 relay at the london grand prix . #wedoinggood
id1	id2	negative	None	people putting these twilight movie tickets on instagram like they just purchased some 1st row & amp ; backstage passes to the hot jam .
id1	id2	positive	None	great weekend ! bar mitzvah at knollwood and a photoshoot ! is it weird that im looking forward to working on monday ? :)
id1	id2	neutral	None	new batman comes out tomorrow . the return of joker . there is a lot of things on the web about batman right now ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i always look forward to tuesday nights just because styled to rock is on
id1	id2	positive	None	dont miss splash dance the nighttime pool party @USER tomorrow w/ @USER !! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is the only weekend all month we wont be home at maverik center . see you next friday and saturday to open 8-game home stand .
id1	id2	positive	None	although the rain is falling , the sun is always shining at cheddar , almondsbury and lechlade ! what is everyone up to today ?
id1	id2	negative	None	mehdi hasan enraging twitter on a sunday ? cmon , at least give us a day off .
id1	id2	neutral	None	august 4th 2012 catch me live at pomona fairplex for @USER with @USER @USER @USER @USER and more !
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER riot fest fans hear every kind of rock under the sun - chicago sun-times : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER leave my vanilla fudge alone amigo . she misses her chocolate . lol , meant to call you friday , but will do soon .
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget it is youth soccer make up game tonight ( oct 4th ) at the enterprise elementary school field . check ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	all prep for the future . bookin up for the uk 70.3 ironman in june , then plannin on doin the ironman wales . dependingon race commitments ofc
id1	id2	neutral	None	bionic commando , dark void , devil may cry 4 , resident evil 5 , 6 & amp ; op raccoon city , lost planet 2 , asuras wrath , the proof is there .
id1	id2	positive	None	this weekend is the polish festival , and the firefly party at tfaw . all that stands in the way is friday .
id1	id2	negative	None	not black enough : miss teen usa talks being bullied : on saturday , 18-year-old logan west made history when she b ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoy your day tomorrow at soundset . the weather looks amazing . come early . you wont want to miss
id1	id2	positive	None	omg this time tomorrow i will be sunning it up in hvar ! croatia here we come !!!
id1	id2	positive	None	holidays in the eastern part of the peninsula , which incorporates hat yai and koh samui , are greatest carried out from december to june
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy birthday mitchie ! hope you have the best fucking birthday love you !!! well celebrate wednesday whole crew :d #mitchiesbday
id1	id2	neutral	None	pearl jams jeff aments new project rndm , heres the first single modern times , URL album acts out oct 26th @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	christmas at threshold - new series and lots of new elements - begins tomorrow . hope to see you there !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER mint warehouse for circoloco mate get involved ! will come leeds tomorrow day westonator ! x
id1	id2	positive	None	join us next thursday for this screening at the creative alliance ( im in the movie !! ) . it should be a great ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	20th anniversary with the guy who digs i wanna go to soundset tomorrow and the tattoo ive designed .
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out battle of the winds at the earth festival in lyme regis on sunday bbc one - spotlight , 08/05/2012 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	watching scouts , airforce & amp ; army , st. johns ambulance & amp ; police march through lichfield for a remembrance service at the cathedral v proud .
id1	id2	neutral	None	fall youth soccer begins august 13th ! have you registered yet ? plus , new soccer skills nights ! URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER im sad i never saw you at phoenix comicon but i didnt spend much time in the exhibition hall after friday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER they are coming to my area this sunday , there is a signing too . i just saw them @USER fest . i was shocked to see they were
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i may have to do that . :) did you see my disney pics from star wars weekends ?
id1	id2	positive	None	cabaret at warners tonight , then a matinee show at eastbourne tomorrow . wednesday , off to the kings theatre , southsea . have a happy week ...
id1	id2	positive	None	theres lots to do this weekend ! the polish festival , the taste of melbourne & amp ; more URL #weekender
id1	id2	neutral	None	danee is going to turn 13 tomorrow ... omg i tot shes going to turn 15 ! i tot itll only took her 2 yrs to properly join sexy luv dance .
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER yeah . i saw reakwon at soundset and many times before . still want to go but you know . if it wasnt a sunday freaking night ...
id1	id2	positive	None	at the chevy youth soccer clinic on tues . a was too young to play but pretty stoked with his free shirt URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha oohh yeah i actually had the same thought when i saw rndm on sunday !
id1	id2	neutral	None	mondays look of the day : the kahri blaze of glory dress is crinkle silk , chiffon , and lace with gold metallic ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	circoloco lineup next monday has just made my day
id1	id2	positive	None	tonights the night ! 29th annual kings royal at eldora speedway !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER would you interested in a five a side footy tournement jan 12 at warners with sean dalee its my lads dance crew ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the first star wars weekends with @USER being a part of the disney family run from may 17-june 9 . fri/sat/sun URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i gonna jiujitsu training tomorrow wanna fight with strong guys hihi
id1	id2	positive	None	good luck to everyone at ironman wales tomorrow , hope you all have a great day ! #imwales
id1	id2	neutral	None	on july 24th , the trucks will make their debut at tony stewarts raceway eldora speedway ! whose looking forward to this race ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	the dark tower : russell crowe set to replace javier bardem , warners may save the project : just in case you wer ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	watching @USER makes me want to go back to italy so badly ... may have to settle for digging out antonio carluccios book tho !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER will you perform lies greed misery or burn it down ? ill watch you guys on tv :d btw see you tomorrow at rock im park and m &amp; g :)
id1	id2	negative	None	jls need to shut the fuck up . all they are doing is warming the stage for runrig on saturday !
id1	id2	positive	None	day 4 of hat yai ! saturday - sunday going to songkla , then to phuket . yey .
id1	id2	neutral	None	danny elfmans score for the silver linings playbook just may be the oddest but most intriguing score hes composed since sleepy hollow .
id1	id2	negative	None	edinburgh derby today on sell out saturday and the stadium isnt even half full ! theres only one proper derby in the uk ! #weartynederby
id1	id2	positive	None	i may never become first horse , but i tore london a new one at the summer olympics , and no one can ever take that away from me . #teamusa
id1	id2	neutral	None	charlie rose with louis rukeyser ; richard eyre ; jonathan kozol ( november 16 , 1995 ): first , wall street week host ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dallas did dalllas thursday night at premiere of the new tv series at winspear opera house URL
id1	id2	negative	None	stupid cable took the cw network away why ? it better be back by october 11th if not we are going to have a problem lol #tvd
id1	id2	positive	None	last night was the best night out ive had in ages ! circoloco was class .. on the other side on the way to the lakes for work tomorrow #death
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im also in interlaken , tomorrow its chrismas market in unterseen ( interlaken other side of the rivers ) enjoy your trip !
id1	id2	positive	None	looking forward to speaking about email marketing at the @USER social media conference tomorrow in grand bend ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the baby boom and economic recovery : post-recession levels of employment may be affected as much by demographics as by the nations e ...
id1	id2	positive	None	photoset : on friday , i was lucky enough to get tickets for the chelsea flower show . what a fantastic evening ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the london summer olympics may have ended , but the nac summer olympics is still going ! august 26th marks the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	finally watched pll halloween special . yikes !! i def cannot wait for the season premier jan 8th !!!
id1	id2	negative	None	sometime in the night at hot jam on monday i fell and scraped both my knees and it still hurts to bend them smh
id1	id2	neutral	None	jack and the beanstalk banner outside of the winspear opera house first public performance oct 27 URL URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	our gradual warm-up continues and peaks on sunday , veteran day with high in the mid 60s ! rain chance tonight-sat . am . #backchannel
id1	id2	positive	None	enjoy the first single ashes from thresholds upcoming album march of progress : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER my 2nd fav is lake brienz near interlaken on a stormy day :-)) URL
id1	id2	positive	None	im so excited . you dont even know ! im going to ohio june 20th for like a week to visit my aunt and cousins . omggg
id1	id2	neutral	None	whats up this thursday ?! @USER makes her appearance on the new hit show #thenextcw on the cw network ! #kcru
id1	id2	positive	None	2012 espy awards : wednesday night ( july 11 ) was dedicated to the athletes . the television channel espn hold the ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER go you , well done ! glad ur legs stayed loyal lol . im back tomorrow too . jiujitsu went well thanks #funkyjiujitsu love it . x
id1	id2	neutral	None	remembrance sunday - took part in the remembrance service at the parish church of all saints in north hykeham .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER where are we going out for devins 21st ?? northamptons finest ... the gin mill ? haha
id1	id2	neutral	None	i have to wake up at 7 tomorrow . i gotta be at the pomona fairplex by 9:45
id1	id2	positive	None	take a look inside the kwafaku reading club to see how these volunteers nurture childrens #literacy every sat ( video ) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER your in ohio june 6th n 9th . can you least tweet back n let me know if you do live stop ins at new stores in malls .
id1	id2	neutral	None	tune into abc sunday , april 22nd 9/8c for firelight a hallmark hall of fame movie with cuba gooding jr. and me as a parole officer .
id1	id2	neutral	None	were heading to copenhagen to play the roskilde festival . we play at 3 am saturday evening . if your at the ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER @USER @USER there may not be .. but why when im 3-0 up 10 mins left , it turns 3-1 , i break , vermalen outpaces ronaldo .
id1	id2	positive	None	binghamton ny , @USER i will see you on friday , sept 28 !
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you to my baby for men that are willing to risk their lifes for us happy veteran day !! may god bless you guys
id1	id2	neutral	None	hvar has been pretty fun . tomorrow is the last day . then back to life as we know it URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	tracy morgan joins jimmy in #jkl : game night before game 3 of the nba finals on abc sunday .
id1	id2	positive	None	ending a day dancing to the pointer sisters on jefferson street in celebration of creative alliances 25th ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	reality tv show about the salt lake city co . ballet west starts thur . on cw11 ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	flash cross the ball towards goal but cleared by red stars . rs break down field and cross to mautz but her look goes wide . 18th min .
id1	id2	neutral	None	#broncos cb champ bailey didnt practice wednesday . not injured , was given a veteran day by the team .
id1	id2	neutral	None	game on ! will be the theme for the 2013 san diego county fair URL via @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	such a beautiful morning .. just drove past winter wonderland in hype park ! going there thursday with @USER cant wait ! #suchakid
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER looking forward to the london grand prix in july . will the mens 100m be on the friday or the saturday ?
id1	id2	positive	None	today plan of action lots of jam this morning may be some chutney then the vanilla fudge and at some point go and get the christmas tree
id1	id2	neutral	None	the $5.00 tickets for jonathan kozol are going fast ! last chance to buy at the oea center will be thursday ,... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	were excited to have mysas support behind tomorrow nights game ! first 1,000 people in the doors get a mini soccer ball !
id1	id2	neutral	None	the beijing summer olympics closed on august 24 2008 . books on the olympics are found in 796.48
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is going to be my 2nd time going to the pomona fairplex cause of warped tour ooo
id1	id2	positive	None	free day tomorrow in interlaken and were going to explore bern ~
id1	id2	positive	None	for those going to circoloco at dc10 tomorrow you are in for a treat . @USER is doing a special house set from 18:00 - 22:00 on the terrace
id1	id2	positive	None	threshold is sun 5-11p . come on in after folsom & amp ; rest ur weary feet or play in the fungeon or boogie on the dance floor @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	danny elfman may well be the best halloween music composer .
id1	id2	neutral	None	link to ballet wests nutcracker info . bw is @USER center this week . will see it on saturday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER hit cool out at the gin mill for a special sunday night edition . then doublewide or the goat for the late night !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER when u go through lechlade tomorrow , ill be the one having the shoot out with the vicar !
id1	id2	negative	None	this shit always happens before a break , happened last year the friday of spring break , now its christmas break . whats next thanksgiving break
id1	id2	neutral	None	the 49 car will return to eldora speedway this friday and saturday for the kings royal weekend .. come out and ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER cant wait to see u in wilkes barre pa dec 9th at kirby center . r u coming out after the show for pics n autographs ? #prettyplease
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER i hear adam lamberts gonna be on 10 on top tomorrow morning !! did you see him on the pll halloween episode ?
id1	id2	positive	None	sep 6 1952 greg @USER peck is very happy with the blaze of glory casting . he considers @USER a top dramatic actress .
id1	id2	neutral	None	stone brewing is mow just a stones throw from the del mar station . welcome to old pas URL
id1	id2	positive	None	just 2 more days until copper river salmon is here ! arriving monday to the market .
id1	id2	neutral	None	watch @USER reflect on her 2nd place finish at the london grand prix , in what was a very tactical 1500m race : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER @USER how about a silver-gilt medal as in chelsea flower show for the people whove tried hard and come 3rd ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	now that soundset is over , producers , dont forget to have your beats submitted by june 13th for the ctb/mn project .
id1	id2	positive	None	copper river salmon special and live music thursday night ! come try some of the best salmon in the world !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im going to watch crossfire hurricane tomorrow hbo 2:00 , cant wait , im sure i will fall in love with it !
id1	id2	neutral	None	is anyone checking out the new batman : rises movie showing tonight by usg at 6 and then the octoberfest tomorrow night .
id1	id2	positive	None	dick van dyke scheduled for the winspear opera house in dallas on tuesday may 29 about 7pm . should be a good show .
id1	id2	positive	None	another great night in split , off to hvar on the 8:30 ferry tomorrow morning ... dreading the packing but excited to get there !
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to paramore at rock im park in nuremburg , germany - jun 8 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	check out this contest to win 1 of 5 $130 party packages from @USER & amp ; @USER for the july 14th event at the kee ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	also , making my plea for @USER to play until the day at riot fest tomorrow , wasnt in the set last night , really wanna hear it live
id1	id2	positive	None	circoloco at the best venue in london next saturday ! excited . tunnels wooo
id1	id2	positive	None	playing a scramble event at knollwood tomorrow , lets see how the steady eddy will hold ...
id1	id2	positive	None	see everyone at the gin mill on saturday ! looking forward to another great irish celebration ! bring your high 5s !
id1	id2	positive	None	im going to play my cartoon suite as part of emfs ear to the earth festival at white box saturday 22 december 8pm . see you there !
id1	id2	negative	None	i just saw the 1st swansea goal against arsenal . vermalen didnt even try and get back . strip him of the armband . disgrace .
id1	id2	positive	None	news just in - eagles of death metal will present rocknroll bingo next wednesday , aug 29th . not only that but ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	dont forget - jonathan kozol this thurs 6pm -nw 375 e . chicago . tlkng abt new book , fire in the ashes : 25 yrs amgst poorest chldrn in am .
id1	id2	neutral	None	on monday , november 5th , 2012 rndm will be performing on late night with jimmy fallon :) URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	so who was at gin mill on saturday night ? apparently the cold war kids were there hanging out
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER see now u can tell the south about a gin mill . 1st on your block lol
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER happy birthday maite ! i hope you work tomorrow because im going to squish you with my undying love for you .
id1	id2	positive	None	happy i have something to watch sunday nights now ! :) makes the wait for abc sunday fall lineup somewhat bearable ! lol
id1	id2	negative	None	sorry . cant answer any txts . no service in the bahamas . btw tonight i have a date with miss teen michigan , 2nd runnerup for miss teen usa
id1	id2	positive	None	free screening tonight ! june 19 at 7:00 pm in partnership with utah film center , ballet west invites you to a ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	may 26th . @USER save the date . we are going to soundset . #noexcuses
id1	id2	positive	None	thanks ! @USER hvar is something im hearing a lot , will it still be busy late-october ?
id1	id2	positive	None	euro cup and $10 burger n beer sound like the perfect recipe for a tuesday afternoon . stone brewing on special all day !
id1	id2	positive	None	red stars game then sister hazel at the lincoln park arts and music fest . good saturday .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER theyre actually going venue shopping tomorrow ! theyre checking out grand bend and surrounding areas ( ie . st. marys) !
id1	id2	neutral	None	my piece on chelsea flower show in the sunday times : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER everyones still at roskilde festival , it doesnt finish until tomorrow night , but just wait til monday ;d
id1	id2	neutral	None	remember ! we are going to blackpool illuminations next saturday ( 3rd ) . a few are coming ... anyone else up for it ?
id1	id2	negative	None	just now remembering that @USER told me @USER had my painting and mitchie didnt even mention it in 6th period #anger
id1	id2	negative	None	@USER hiya ! sorry for missing out on the we ! theres antonio carluccio giving a talk on friday : fancy going ? URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER mehdi hasan just aced it on the sunday politics .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i totally just squealed seeing the abc sunday promo on tv . the charmings ! all the feels , i have them !
id1	id2	positive	None	ahh , the polish festival is today and tomorrow ! shooot . i hope i can make it tomorrow :s
id1	id2	positive	None	up crazy early on a sunday for the start of ironman wales . good luck to everyone taking part , youre all amazing
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER hey mr. bennett - i just read the blog on luker . may nc youth soccer reprint your article with your permission ? m . moore , depdir
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks for following me maite , great to see you saturday .
id1	id2	neutral	None	staff at a wegmans in binghamton ny say bottled water has been in almost all carts since friday . heres the proof ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	f.m. kirby center , november 24th ... hope to see you there ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	excitement for liverpool john moores next saturday , only going in search for males with liverpudlian accents
id1	id2	positive	None	mitchie , thanks for the fun times ! ill miss our sunday ge t-t ogethers after mass and our nosebleed convos . youre imp . love you ! & lt ;3
id1	id2	neutral	None	you may have heard thresholds media comments about banks seeking rent directly from tenants . please contact us for advice if it affects you
id1	id2	positive	None	go cats ! the 20th annual espy awards : superfan badge holders consistently post smart , timely comments about wash ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i know i saw them at roskilde festival 10 but its still sad that i cant go tomorrow . :(
id1	id2	neutral	None	september 9th blues on the bridge , binghamton ny , 12pm - 10pm . come see us at our table and our demonstrations during the course of the day .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER haha ! and nope , just know i have to go in wednesday and enrole and stuff . do you ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	just left the fair ! it was getting way too packed ! #sandiegocountyfair #delmar #4th @USER diego county fair URL
id1	id2	positive	None	off to see the ladykillers at @USER with @USER on friday . looking forward to it !
id1	id2	positive	None	conquering rides on the 4th baby !!! @USER diego county fair URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jiujitsu with punches and cardio today , back at it at one tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER you could come and see the show !!! im playing maite !!! its showcasing at loyola from november 28th to december 2nd
id1	id2	positive	None	happy 16th anniversary to stone brewing ! if you , like us , couldnt make it down for the party at the brewery ,... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	just back from fab visit to floriade in venlo . chelsea flower show meets eden project ! on til 7 oct , otherwise youll have to wait 10 years !
id1	id2	positive	None	im rewatching saturday nights #superstar i still cannot @USER didnt make it through . that version of blaze of glory was epic !
id1	id2	positive	None	fireworks spectacular on saturday night - 1000s queuing for big wheel ... then the sun shone on moving remembrance service . a welly weekend !
id1	id2	positive	None	in moscow - getting ready for the live demo at art park on sunday . come join if you fancy URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thank you . suzanne moore is debating mehdi hasan on this on today at 8:45 am tomorrow , so hopefully hell have to listen ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	why sustainability is very important for the cotton industry : interlaken , 9 october 2012 . in this vide ... URL #wcoc09
id1	id2	negative	None	because you know that no matter how shitty you feel on a tuesday morning , maite feels shittier .
id1	id2	neutral	None	have u already seen the 2nd episode of i am sam ? shot at roskilde festival in denmark ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	omigod omigod omigod ... the biker jacket ive had made in hoi an is perfect ! a few alterations to the dresses to check tomorrow . cant wait !
id1	id2	positive	None	hope to make it survival tuesday but need favour elsewhere . well at least make sure sky soundtracks final montage with bjs blaze of glory .
id1	id2	positive	None	1st team game looks set to be on with sunshine in lechlade
id1	id2	positive	None	thanksgiving leftovers is the 2nd best part of thanksgiving .. why wouldnt i be mad
id1	id2	negative	None	dads going to hat yai tomorrow . waaa . cant see him for the next 4 days . hmm .
id1	id2	positive	None	tina , mustard and pudding are climbing mount snowdon tomorrow to raise funds for the pet welfare alliance . your ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	join us for splash dances 3rd neon night light party with sounds by house djs @USER @USER [ pic ]: URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	alarm clock is set for 7 jokes i dont have to enrole at college till 2 then dont start till the 10th #bazinga
id1	id2	neutral	None	looking for ladies to travel to the everglades and key west in february ! warm weather and rum runners ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	this is a lamp i made today to take to haltwhistle tomorrow - just testing it to see if the lights are ok - URL
id1	id2	positive	None	did you miss your favorite panel at phoenix comicon ? i recorded all the headliners in hd 1st row . watch them all URL #phxcc
id1	id2	positive	None	i went to the polish festival on roncesvalles on saturday awesome time ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER alright pricey ! how you doing , got a round in lough erne next friday ! #needmoreballs
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER an excellent idea . may is a lovely time in the city . chelsea flower show too . and yes , costs often better than summer months .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER @USER making them is awesome but on a lazy sunday it is best left to antonio carluccio plus i cant get them sticky inside
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i cant wait to see you on december 9th and meet at the fm kirby center !! ( :
id1	id2	positive	None	matt cain just got his own day in sf . every june 13th is now matt cain day . thats pretty dope ! #mattcain #sfgiants
id1	id2	positive	None	i hope everyone had a great christmas ! jason tyler will be at the delands airport restaurant and gin mill december 29th !
id1	id2	neutral	None	today is international talk like a pirate day , or as they call it in somalia ; wednesday . #dirtypirate
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER the champ could have a good day tomorrow . dunky text me earlier about golf at lough erne on sunday . you playing ?
id1	id2	positive	None	#goosebumps on friday as @USER surged to his win and again yesterday as @USER swept through cap dagde in the maillot jaune
id1	id2	negative	None	if we dont go on senior trip with the malvern people , where are we vacationing to ? no matter what , we arent going to be in ohio june 3rd .
id1	id2	negative	None	im gonna make fun of danee tomorrow because she likes the lakers . i dont even care but i just like being mean to danee sometimes .
id1	id2	positive	None	heard the raw recording last night from @USER & amp ; #thejoburtexperience at the back to earth festival on saturday . #amazing ! so proud !
id1	id2	neutral	None	soundman pete wrestling with gremlins in haltwhistle last monday before the interview with @USER for cinelove URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day in krabi . will be heading for hat yai for 2nd round shopping and sleep over in aloq staq . eta 2100 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER i loved the hawaii rainbows . out here in ca they used to show almost all their home games at around 11 pm on sat nights .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER lovely event thursday at the creative alliance -- congrats !
id1	id2	positive	None	2012 espy awards best dressed : the 20th annual 2012 espy awards were last night , and with lebron james winning ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i have a spare ticket for the warners at the bay beer festival on sunday , anyone want it ?
id1	id2	neutral	None	just 21 days left to register for the september 27th #ms2conf in grand bend . promo code bernia50 saves $50 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	the closing ceremony of the london 2012 summer olympics was held on 12 august 2012 . the ceremony included a ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	dont forget to send kids wednesday with candy . ( bet you never see me say that again ! ) halloween candy to be donated to the va hospital !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER so , whos going to see the stones in crossfire hurricane tomorrow night at @USER #firstlightmaui i want to !
id1	id2	positive	None	summer reading club ends august 18 ! get your reading wrapped up and come get your fastpasses by that date . august 18 is the last day !
id1	id2	neutral	None	weve got 2 tickets remaining for the wales v barbarians game tomorrow . call 01792 616500 if youre interested in snapping up the final 2 ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER my video from star wars weekends on saturday : @USER q &amp; a with host @USER URL #clonewars season 5
id1	id2	neutral	None	post i wrote on mehdi hasan and abortion - wondering just what , precisely , he may have been expecting ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	arriving tomorrow and throughout the weekend : copper river salmon from alaska wianno oysters from cape cod fresh alaskan halibut
id1	id2	neutral	None	#2012memories seeing @USER for the first time at riot fest in chicago . september 15
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER nice piece . i think i may have written one of the longest defenses of kenny loftons hof case : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER about recycling - our group is glass - tomorrow we must do folio about glass i think - ask mysa lah xd
id1	id2	positive	None	already working on the next riot fest interview coming this wednesday . heres a hint : its also a real good one .
id1	id2	positive	None	geekery : just learned about the tim burton & amp ; danny elfman 25th anniversary music box set . now if only i could ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	there you , go , vermalen . you dont clear it , and disaster strikes , especially if van persie is in the area . manu up , 1-0 , in the 3rd minute .
id1	id2	neutral	None	miss teen usa on the next one .. saturday wahhh ? ( :
id1	id2	positive	None	i really want for there to be bball on sunday . and not just mysa
id1	id2	positive	None	november 11 happy veteran day ? seriusly im not agree with the word war because that means innocent people ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	opening night saturday at maverik center . its going to be our best opening crowd night in over 10 years . get ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	sadly another australian tour has come to an end going to miss australia so much next stop brisbane tomorrow then ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER only going on friday , pulled apart by horses , band of skulls , eagles of death metal , joy formidable , mark lanegan ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	join kspn this friday night at the belly up aspen we present new artist ben sollee ! showtime at 9 p.m. URL
id1	id2	negative	None	i will watch jimmy mcgoverns hillsborough tomorrow , i am absolutely knackered and dont think i could deal with watching now .
id1	id2	positive	None	hope everyone is out having fun at the 2012 roncesvalles polish festival today and its on tomorrow too !
id1	id2	positive	None	but 1st awesome day at jiujitsu . got my 1st black eye #success
id1	id2	neutral	None	anyone going ( or would like to go ) to the lifespan art auction tomorrow night ? will be leaving haltwhistle at 6pm .
id1	id2	positive	None	this is a big month for us ! tomorrow were playing in davis at the whole earth festival , then kicking off our ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	jack and the beanstalk at winspear opera house kind of a saturday URL
id1	id2	positive	None	good to see some of you at the great yorkshire show last tuesday #yorkshire hour
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER in your bio you mention july 25th 2013 does that mean that you are going to the 1d concert at the maverik center like me ?
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER tooo excited for you to play tomorrow at bluesfest its crazy . ill be wearing a fuck ton of glow sticks .
id1	id2	neutral	None	saturday has been reserved for the eagles of death metal .
id1	id2	positive	None	duck day is tomorrow in greenhead , ( near haltwhistle ) come and see the five ring circus perform at a village fete with difference ! 1pm - 4pm
id1	id2	positive	None	we collected 252 pounds of candy this year in our third halloween candy buy back . we shipped it off thursday ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im good * agent april * im survive in raccoon city ... my mission was to take down .. umbrella corp ! with alice ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	last day of la county fair from the skyline ride ! @USER #lacountyfair #sunday #sunday @USER fairplex URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	yoga , ninjas , junior and adult gi jiujitsu starts tomorrow at 8:30 am !!! dont miss it !
id1	id2	positive	None	mamedyarov beats nakamura in the 7th round of the london grand prix . what a game ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	vanilla fudge , friday nite . tanner park copiague ny . free concert on the water . no mark stein . what an amazing ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	copper river salmon will be in the house tomorrow - dont miss your chance to enjoy this alaskan delicacy ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	done with finals , aka done with school , hot jam tonight , lake compounce wednesday , weekend , graduate on the 19th ? #happygirl #thefuture
id1	id2	neutral	None	hot jam with melissa and our 4th row seats !
id1	id2	negative	None	still tryna figure out why the hell hot jam is on a monday ...
id1	id2	negative	None	reading club dead . i see a trip to barns & amp ; noble in the near future ... as in tomorrow .
id1	id2	positive	None	author jonathan kozol comes to alvernia tomorrow at 7:00 pm in the pec for a lecture that is free and open to the public . dont miss it !
id1	id2	positive	None	pepper & amp ; @USER are nuckin futs but i wouldnt want to spend my sat nights with anyone else ! lol #illbringabottlenexttime !
id1	id2	negative	None	nothing better to do on a monday night than watch the 1995 miss teen usa pageant ... @USER URL
id1	id2	positive	None	thank you friends ! dancing with chervona at the polish festival last saturday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER yess ! spanish with maite & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & amp ; okay thanks ! see you tomorrow xo .
id1	id2	positive	None	getting quite the james bond education while eating thanksgiving leftovers makes for a much better black friday than shopping would be !
id1	id2	positive	None	the earth festival has officially started ! sage is burning and the sun seems to be shinning beautifully for us !
id1	id2	positive	None	i live in hope that diane keaton in baby boom will be on my sunday afternoon tv screen some day soon . man alive i love that film .
id1	id2	neutral	None	first day of journey heading to hat yai and going to phuket this weekend ! fighting jimmy ! and tomorrow have URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	samove - northcote rugby ladies night out ( 22 june 2012 ) in support of the under 13s australian tour URL
id1	id2	positive	None	have an extra ticket to the riot fest in dallas this saturday . hit me up if anyone is interested
id1	id2	neutral	None	the folkrockinpsychedelia show was updated with tracks from vanilla fudge , count five , tomorrow , david axelrod , gram parsons , manassas & amp ; more ..
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER if i were queen for the day id knight antonio carluccio for bringing us such fine fare to pinner long may he reign . fantastico
id1	id2	neutral	None	police woman -- blaze of glory ( 2nd season ) with don stroud : URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER needs to reshow the jimmy mcgovern drama again . its so powerful and accurate . and now people know that it may shock people even more
id1	id2	negative	None	i may be in the minority , but i think kenny lofton may have been wronged by the hardline . decide for yourself . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	start your week off right . monday night is food trucks at art park . click the link for all the info : ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	may 12 - international nurses day- celebrate the birthday of florence nightingale !! happy nurses day !! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER its my birthday tomorrow & amp ; all i want from u is a follow !!! please follow meee maite
id1	id2	neutral	None	the band has just been announced as part of the line up for the rock am ring ( june 7th ) and rock im park ( june 8th ) festivals !
id1	id2	neutral	None	still tryin 2 figure out the name of the 1st song de la soul played last night
id1	id2	neutral	None	ill be at star wars weekends tomorrow , ill be the guy in the jack skellington golf hat #starwarsweekends
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER lol saw the 1st over thanksgiving break , watched the 2nd a few hours ago . but the 3rd ... aint that with denzel ?
id1	id2	positive	None	back on the road again ... heading to denmark . tomorrow we rock roskilde festival alongside one of my favorite ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER upstate ny ! near binghamton ny , idk if u know where that is !!! haha ! would u go saturday too if he is still there or no ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER are you going coldplay on tues ? also , were you aware de la soul are playing at the colly in july ! remember you saying you liked them .
id1	id2	positive	None	remembrance service was nice ! now just pottering around town till 3rd service . to get new boots or not ?
id1	id2	positive	None	the girls @USER on the 4th looked awesome .. chck out splash dance tonight , voted best locals party !! why wouldnt u be there ?!
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER ironman wales in september ? fancy it ? warm welcome from us welshies in tenby !
id1	id2	positive	None	ahoy matey ! did you enjoy international talk like a pirate day ? celebrate it again with us this saturday at the museum !
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER new york gig would be great in december ! hope it works out . see u tomorrow at kirby center !
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to ben sollee at notes in newtown nsw , australia - jan 8 URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER your son was at my spot @USER saturday 4 hu alumni reception . hes a respectable humble kid . kudos to you and mysa #badboy4life
id1	id2	positive	None	have you been watching the accused ? get ready for the final one ( tues ) which @USER wrote with jimmy mcgovern ! URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	theres a day for everything : today is international talk like a pirate day and the 30th anniversary of the ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	according to hall rating , kenny lofton is the 8th-best center fielder . of all time . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wait , they ( mysa ) actually have a pretty good record at the 2nd largest tournament ... the norway cup . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	reminder : the mobbies ( which celebrate the areas best internet folk ) are tomorrow night at creative alliance . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	heading home to ireland with 17 golfers from my club on saturday staying at lough erne resort and off to dublin for some fun
id1	id2	positive	None	adelaide fans of antonio carluccio can enjoy an intimate lunch with the celebrity chef this october . URL
id1	id2	negative	None	youth soccer has been cancelled tonight due to poor field conditions . the next practice is saturday : 3-5s @USER 6-11s @USER
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER - going to enrole at college tomorrow ( fingers crossed ) and i have myself a j.o.b back at loaf so its all goood x
id1	id2	positive	None	if youre stuck at work , keep your spirits going with blaze of glory by the alarm this glorious throwback thursday . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	i had a lovely day at the great yorkshire show today with heather , such a shame that it is closed tomorrow :(
id1	id2	positive	None	so excited to see what everyone comes up with ! what to do with thanksgiving leftovers #sunday ... URL via @USER
id1	id2	negative	None	hot jam shouldnt have been on a monday night & gt ; . & lt ; i have finals in the morning i cant go /:
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER good luck saturday mate you might be a bitter blue but youre a proud liverpudlian and ill be supporting you all the way
id1	id2	neutral	None	#ichiro has nothing . if you want to see hustle : kenny lofton , 17 october 1995 , scores from second base on a past ball . #gotribe #alds
id1	id2	positive	None	de la soul on @USER with @USER now this is a proper saturday night !
id1	id2	positive	None	12 may ; happy nurses day to all the nurses around the world .
id1	id2	positive	None	it may be 2:30 but i finally got to watch the new batman #sacrifices
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER ... but indie or those with real resources will take audio risks ( and may eventually become & gt ; mainstream like danny elfman )
id1	id2	neutral	None	the next baby boom is going to be in september-october 2013 because all these couples think that the world is gonna end friday ...
id1	id2	neutral	None	seattle marathon coming through the arboretum & amp ; interlaken tomorrow : URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	why would they have hot jam on a school night ? they usually do it on a friday or something .
id1	id2	neutral	None	im going to celtic thunder at f . m . kirby center in wilkes-barre , pa - oct 6 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER another thing , ( not taking into account his complete mare on saturday ) would you want vermalen as the rock of your defence ?
id1	id2	positive	None	found it ! evanescence live @USER im park in germany - were to have streamed live today , but they performed on friday . URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	15th annual polish festival is one for the bucket list URL #ilm #pender #brunsco #wway
id1	id2	negative	None	jonathan kozol event-cancelled for friday event canceled : fire in the ashes : victims and survivors of apartheid ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	@USER the ladykillers ( which i first saw in london ) , chicago ( for about the 8th time ) and mrs browns boys ( tv recording ) .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER id love that ! hmu sometime this week , ill dm you my number . ill be in summersville tomorrow though .
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER thanks ! i cant wait for my tasting panel this afternoon . hope to have the reviews up on the mysa food blog by tomorrow .
id1	id2	negative	None	i made the leftover halloween candy last until december 3 ? i . . . i dont know who i am anymore .
id1	id2	positive	None	with veteran day sun i want you to thank all the military people . we have the best son that gave over 20 years at ... URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	beth tweddle , greg rutherford and luke campbell flick the blackpool illuminations switch on 31 aug - music too ! its not all in london !
id1	id2	positive	None	URL de la soul tomorrow night ... go get it ! URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER im hoping to make my last few xmas presents tomorrow too - make up bags made with summersville :-)
id1	id2	neutral	None	new post : jessica biel at the 2012 espy awards in los angeles on july 11 2012 URL
id1	id2	neutral	None	19.55 on a friday night & amp ; im in bed with a cup of holicks , watching soaps with a box of vanilla fudge for c URL
id1	id2	positive	None	@USER stage adaptation of the ladykillers is coming to the grand canal theatre in february .
id1	id2	neutral	None	well , if the world is going to end i may as well go to rum runners one last time ... for old times sake #help
id1	id2	positive	None	just finished watching 1st episode of #accused . f**king brilliant . yet again jimmy mcgovern triumphs . look forward to the rest .
id1	id2	negative	None	im getting the virus i had during thanksgiving break , so this may mean ima be going to the hospital soon ..
id1	id2	neutral	None	some of our photos from the @USER premiere at the winspear opera house , may 31 . URL
id1	id2	positive	None	wednesday at roskilde festival was the best experience in my life . im still very much blown away . everybody at ... URL
id1	id2	negative	None	danny grainger is out of the edinburgh derby on sunday
id1	id2	neutral	None	its a wednesday girls night out as 90s band wilson phillips fills the winspear opera house with their brand of top 40 joy at 8p ...
id1	id2	positive	None	night college course sorted , just have to enrole tomorrow now .. finally starting to figure out what i wanna do :-) #busyday
id1	id2	positive	None	for the 1st time in 30 years . for your splendiferous entertainment . arts in lechlade proudly presents an old ... URL
id1	id2	positive	None	nurses day - 12 may 2012 . nursing : the heart beat of the health
id1	id2	neutral	None	we have 15 minutes left until the 2nd episode of styled to rock . #uknavi #rihannanavy
